+++
title = 'Create an Escalation Process'
solution = 'Platform'
+++

# Create an Escalation Process

dspTrack™ allows users to send escalation workflow emails to management
regarding late tasks. The escalation email is generated by dspTrack™ to
make management aware of late tasks within a project.

Before a late task can be escalated, the escalation process must be
configured following the steps in this section.

**NOTE**: Users must have the correct security to configure the
escalation process. Users must be assigned to security roles that have
the WebApp Groups Power User, Power Designer or Administrator assigned.
Users assigned to the Template Security Role DSPTrack.Administror can
also configure the escalation process. Refer to [Set Up Security for
dspTrack™](../Config/Set_Security_in_dspTrack.htm) for more information.

The escalation process is comprised of two sets of users.

  - Users who receive escalation workflows regarding late tasks (e.g.,
    managers), added on the *User List – Receive Workflow Escalations*
    page
  - Users whose work is monitored for late tasks (e.g., business users),
    added on the *User List – Work List Items Escalated* page

Multiple escalation processes can be added. A user can be added to
multiple processes as either a *manager*, a business user, or both.

For example, a process could be added called Project Management: Daily
Reports. The business users assigned to this process are assigned to
tasks that run and analyze daily reports. One of these users is RJones.
The managers assigned of this process are responsible for ensuring that
daily reports are run and analyzed. One of these users is BFranklin. The
Project Management: Daily Reports escalation process can be used to
inform managers (such as BFranklin) when any of the tasks assigned to
any of the business users (such as RJones) are late.

Another process could be added called Project Management: Monthly
Reports. The business users assigned to this process are assigned to
tasks that generate weekly metrics. BFranklin, a manager in the Project
Management: Daily Reports process, is assigned to the Project
Management: Monthly Reports process as a business user*.* The Project
Management: Monthly Reports escalation process can be used to inform
managers when any of the tasks assigned to any of the business user
(such as BFranklin) are late.

To create an escalation process:

1.  Select **Configuration \> Workflow \>  Escalation Process** in the
    *Navigation* pane.
    
    **NOTE**: If no records have been added, the page displays in add
    mode. Otherwise, click **Add**.
    
    [View the field descriptions for the Escalation Process
    page](../Page_Desc/Escalation_Hierarchy.htm)

2.  Enter a descriptive name for the Escalation process in the
    <span style="font-weight: bold;">PROCESS</span>**NAME** field.

3.  Click **Save**.

To add a manager to the escalation process:

1.  Click **Users - Escalations Received** for a process.
    
    **NOTE**: If no records have been added, the page displays in add
    mode. Otherwise, click **Add**.
    
    [View the field descriptions for the User List - Receive Work List
    Escalations page](../Page_Desc/Escalation_Hierarchy_Contact.htm)

2.  Enter a number in the **PRIORITY** field to determine the order the
    managers (i.e., the users who receive emails when tasks are late)
    display on the *Late Task Escalation* page.
    
    <span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE</span>: While managers and
    email addresses for managers can be added on the
    <span style="font-style: italic;">User List – Receive Work List
    Escalations</span> page, a previously added contact and email
    address can also be selected.

3.  Either:
    
    Enter the name of the manager and press the Enter key to add the
    manager to the **NAME** combo box.
    
    Enter the email address for the manager and press the Enter key to
    add the address to the **EMAIL ADDRESS** combo box.
    
    Or
    
    Enter the first few letters of a manager’s name in the **NAME**
    combo box and select the previously entered name.
    
    Select the previously entered email address for the selected manager
    from the **EMAILADDRESS** combo box.
    
    **NOTE**: dspTrack™ populates the EMAIL ADDRESS combo box with the
    previously added email address as an option for selection.

To add the business user to the escalation process:

1.  Select **Configuration \> Workflow \>  Escalation Process** in the
    *Navigation* pane.
2.  Click <span style="font-weight: bold;">Users – Work Items
    Escalated</span> on the *Escalation Process* page.
3.  Select a **USER ID** to select a business user whose work will be
    tracked. When a task is late, the manager will receive an escalation
    email.
4.  Click **Add User**; a confirmation message displays.
5.  Click **Ok**.
