+++
title = 'Upload Files for a Plan, Task or Work List Item'
solution = 'Platform'
+++

# Upload Files for a Plan, Task or Work List Item

Files of any type, such as .xlsx, .txt or .html, can be uploaded for a
plan, Plan Task, or Work List Item. There is no restriction on the
number of files that can be uploaded. File size restrictions for each
file are based on settings in the underlying system and settings in the
platform.

Once uploaded, files can be downloaded and viewed. Refer to [Download
and View Uploaded Files for a Plan, Task or Work List
Item](DownloadViewUploadedFiles.htm) for more information.

**NOTE**: In a case where files that have the same name are uploaded to
a plan, Plan Task, or Work List Item, dspTrack™ assigns each file a
unique name behind the scenes to prevent files from being overwritten.
The name displayed in the FILE NAME column on the *File Upload* page
reflects the actual file name. For example, if a file named
TaskReport.txt is uploaded to First Quarter plan, and another file named
TaskReport.txt is uploaded to the Second Quarter plan, the second file
uploaded will not overwrite the first, even though these files have the
same name. The FILE NAME column on the *File Upload* page for both plans
will display the file name TaskReport.txt. If data in an uploaded file
should be replaced with updated data, the user must delete the original
file and upload the corrected file.

To upload files of any type related to the plan, Plan Task, or Work List
Item:

1.  To access a plan, select **Project** in the *Navigation* pane and
    click **Plans** for a project
    
    Or
    
    To access a Plan Task, select **Project** in the *Navigation* pane,
    click **Plans** for a project and click **Tasks** for a plan.
    
    Or
    
    To access a Work List Item, click the blue tab on the Quick Panel to
    access the **Work List**.

2.  Click **Vertical View** for a plan, Plan Task, or Work List Item.

3.  Click <span style="font-weight: bold;">Attachments</span>.

4.  Click **Add File** on the Page toolbar.
    
    **NOTE**: dspTrack™ adds a row to the page with the text \<Add
    Description …\> in the DESCRIPTION column.

5.  Click **Edit** for the row.
    
    [View the field descriptions for the Attachments
    page](../Page_Desc/Attachments.htm)

6.  Enter a description of the file in **DESCRIPTION** field.

7.  Click **Save**.

8.  Click **Upload a File** for the row.

9.  Navigate to the file and click **Open**.

**NOTE**: The file is uploaded and the Upload a File icon no longer
displays in the FILE PATH column. The Download a File icon displays in
the FILE DOWNLOAD column.

**NOTE**: Once a file is uploaded the description can be edited and the
file can be deleted. To upload another file, click **Add File.**
