+++
title = 'Target Data Services Rule Audit H'
solution = 'Migration'
+++

# Target Data Services Rule Audit H

<span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE:</span> This page is not used in
this product release.

[Target Data Services Rule Audit V (All Tabs)](#Target_DS_Rule_Audit_V)

To access this page:

1.  [Access Transform](../Config/Access_Transform.htm).
2.  Select **Reports \> Target Data Services Rule (Audit)** in the
    *Navigation* pane.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Field</p></td>
<td><p>Description</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>STATUS</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the <span id="Status" class="popUpLink">status</span> of the target data services audit rule.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>TARGET DATA SERVICES RULE</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the name of the rule upon which the audit report is based.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>AUDIT DATA SERVICES REPORT</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the name of the target data services audit rule report.</p>
<p>If auditing is enabled, Transform creates an Excel file to record what data was manipulated by the target rule, how long it took to run, who ran it and other details.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>SAMPLE METHOD</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the sample method used by the target data services audit rule to select data from the audit report for the audit.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>RECORD COUNT</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the number of records on the report.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>ACTION ON</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the date when the report last ran.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DOWNLOAD</p></td>
<td><p>Click to download the report in Excel (.xlsx) format.</p></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## <span id="Target_DS_Rule_Audit_V"></span>Target Data Services Rule Audit V

[Target Data Services Rule Audit H](#Target_DS_Rule_Audit_H)

<span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE:</span> This page is not used in
this product release.

This page has the following tabs:

  - [General tab](#General_Tab)
  - [Process Information
tab](#Process)

## <span id="General_Tab"></span>General tab

|              |                                                                                          |
| ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Field        | Description                                                                              |
| Status       | Displays the <span id="Status" class="popUpLink">status</span> of the target audit rule. |
| Audit Report | Displays the name of the audit report generated by the target data services audit rule.  |
| Download     | Click to download the report in Excel (.xlsx) format.                                    |
| Comment      | Displays user-entered comments about the selected target data services audit rule.       |

## <span id="Process"></span>Process Information tab

Field

Description

Record Count

Displays the number of records on the report.

Duration

Displays the amount of time Transform took to process the selected
target data services audit rule. If the field is empty, the target rule
has not been processed.

Action On

Displays the date when the report last ran.

Sample Record Count

Displays the number of records retrieved using the sampling method.

Advanced

Report Format

Displays whether the target data services audit rule report created by
the rule will translate the column headings, list field names for column
headings, or display both. Field names in SAP are abbreviations in
German.

Sample Method

Displays the sample method used by the target audit rule to select data
from the audit report for the audit.

Sample File Location

Click to download the file that was sampled by the target data services
audit rule. This file contains all the records prior to sampling. If
sample criterion is met, the icon is enabled.
