+++
title = 'Build and Refresh Data Services Jobs'
solution = 'Migration'
+++

# Build and Refresh Data Services Jobs

Before Data Services jobs can be created, the Data Service Repository
and datastores must be configured. Refer to [Configure a Data Services
Repository](Configure_a_DS_Repository) and [Configure a Data
Services Datastore](Configure_a_DS_Datastore) for more information.

An AutoGen request contains all of the metadata required to generate the
Data Services Jobs for the specific target. The AutoGen request takes
the form of a number of metadata definition files that are compressed
and sent to dspCloud™ for processing. Once the AutoGen request completes
its processing in the dspCloud™, the requested output is downloaded from
the dspCloud™ and automatically imported into Data Services. Each time
an AutoGen request is generated, the Data Services Jobs are overwritten
to correspond to the current configuration (basic rules, required
fields, etc.) defined in Target Design. Complex rules, however, are
generated as placeholders and they are not overwritten when an AutoGen
request is regenerated. The logic for a complex rule is developed and
stored in Data Services.

To build and refresh Data Services Jobs:

1.  Click the **Automation** tab in the Quick Panel.

2.  Select the object for which the request is being generated.

3.  Click the **Build and Refresh Data Services** icon; the *AutoGen
    Data Services* page displays.

4.  Click the **Auto Gen Requests** icon; the *Autogen BODS Requests*
    page displays.
    
    **NOTE:** If this is a new request, the page displays in Add mode;
    enter a comment in the Comment field and click **Save**.
    
    **NOTE:** If this is for an update to an existing request, select
    the request and perform the steps as detailed below.

5.  Click the **Generate Request** icon for a request.

6.  Click **OK**; a notification displays indicating the location of the
    request package.

7.  Click the **Upload to Auto Gen Service** icon to upload the request
    to dspCloud™.

8.  Click **OK**.

The request is processed in dspCloud™ and the AutoGen request containing
the Data Services Jobs is automatically downloaded.

**NOTE:** Service pages are running in the background checking on the
status of the AutoGen dspCloud process.

To register the jobs in Transform as Data Services rules and
automatically import them into Data Services, click the Import Into Data
Services icon.

To check that the Jobs have imported correctly and are registered in
Transform, perform the following tasks:

1.  Open the relevant DS repository in the DS Designer application and
    check to see that the Project equivalent to the Wave, Process Area,
    Object and Target is present in the DS repository. Within the
    Project there should be three jobs.
2.  Navigate to the Transform *[Process Area
    Launch](../../Transform/Page_Desc/Process_Area_Launch)* page and
    navigate to the specific Target for which the AutoGen process ran.
    Click the Data Services Rules button to see that two of the three
    AutoGenerated Jobs have been registered here (currently inactive).
    The third Job is not pre-registered as it is for the post load
    validation of the loaded data and is normally registered against a
    Utility target for later processing.
