# dspMonitor™ Construction

dspMonitor™ Construction provides the ability to rapidly create and
maintain a web-based user interface to manage cross-reference table(s)
and to control parameters dynamically within the application rather than
hard code those values within the code of the report. The report is
built once. If the report requires updates (for example, if parameters
change or values need to be added), a business user does not need a
developer to change the underlying code of the report. Changes can be
made directly in the web-based application. These changes are fully
auditable.

To edit reports in dspMonitor™ Construction, users must be granted
access to the application.

Often within a Passive data governance implementation, a
business-specific configuration is required that is not maintained
within the system of record. For example, a system may deliver over 150
valid Units of Measure, yet only 10 of these values should be business
allowable values for the Base Unit of Measure of a Material. The
remaining Units of Measure are used for Packaging, Weight, Volume,
Sales, or Purchasing; conversion factors; or other needs and therefore
should not be options for Base Unit of Measure in the report.

dspMonitor™ Construction allows the developer to create fully auditable
web pages for a business users to maintain this configuration through
the user interface of the DSP® so that the developer does not have to
change the underlying code of the report. This process not only enables
saving on IT costs but also directly enables the business to make the
necessary changes as they are needed and identified by the business,
with no development involvement, or changes to estimates, budgets, or
funding.
