# Export Excel Files

Export files generated by the Excel Export Adaptor have the following
format:

  - Row 1 – Technical column name

  - Row 2 – Friendly column name put through DSP® translation

  - Row 3 – n: Data

To use the Excel Import Adapter to export an Excel file:

1.  Select **Toolkit \> Excel** in *Navigation* pane.
    
    <span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE:</span> If no records exist,
    the page displays in add mode. Otherwise, click
    <span style="font-weight: bold;">Add</span> on the Page toolbar.
    
    [View the field descriptions for the Toolkit: Excel
    page](../Page_Desc/Toolkit_Excel_H.htm)

2.    Enter the table name to export in
    the<span style="font-style: normal;font-weight: bold;">EXCEL EXPORT
    TABLE NAME</span>field.

3.  Click <span style="font-weight: bold;">Save</span>;
    <span style="font-style: italic;">Vertical</span> View displays.
    
    [View the field descriptions for the Toolkit: Excel
    page](../Page_Desc/Toolkit_Excel_H.htm)

4.  Enter a table name of the calling component's database into which
    exports from the Excel file are processed in **Excel Export Table
    Name** field.

5.  Enter a location (name and path on application server) of the Excel
    file to create in **Excel Export File Name** field.

6.  Click **Excel Include Data In Export** check box to enable it,
    including data from the Excel Export Table Name in the created Excel
    file. If disabled, the generated Excel file only contains column
    names.

7.  Enter a name of the worksheet to create in the generated Excel file
    in **Excel Export Sheet Name** field.

8.  Enter a comma-separated list of field to include/exclude from the
    Excel Export Table Name when generating the export Excel file in
    **Excel Export Field List** field.

9.  Enter **Include** or **Exclude** in **Excel Export Field List
    Option** field to determine whether the Excel Export Field List
    includes a list of columns from the Excel Export Table Name to
    include in the export list or a list of columns to exclude.

10. Enter an order by clause in **Excel Export Order By** field to apply
    to exported data.

11. Select a data source from **Excel Export Data Source ID** list box
    if Excel writes to a Data Source other than current Data Source. The
    default is to write to the same Data Source.

12. Click **Excel Export Create Directory** check box to enable it,
    creating the output directory.

13. Click **Save <span style="font-weight: normal;">on Page
    toolbar.</span>**

14. Click **Export To Excel** to generate the Excel file; a confirmation
    message.

15. Click **Ok**.

16. Click **Excel File** to download the file to export.
