+++
title = ''
solution = 'Platform'
+++

# Import a Model

The DSP® is delivered with an SAP and JDE model that can be used to
import those System Types.

Before performing this task, if needed, click the Models icon to view
the System Types Model configuration (tables, required fields, etc.).
All System Type Model Tables and Model Views must exist in the target
System Type database. The model tables can be extracted from the target
system using Collect. The Model Views can be autogenerated using Build
Views on the *[System Types
Models](../Page_Desc/System_Types_Models_H.htm)* page. Refer to [Manage
System Types with System Type
Models](Manage_System_Types_with_System_Type_Models.htm) for more
information.

To import a model:

1.  Click **System Types** in the *Navigation* pane.

2.  Click **Vertical View** for System Type.

3.  Click **Import From Data Source or Model** on the Page toolbar.
    
    **NOTE:** Optionally, before completing the import, click the Models
    icon to open the [System Types
    Models](../Page_Desc/System_Types_Models_H.htm) page to view the
    configuration (tables, required fields, etc.). Then navigate back to
    the [System Types Import](../Page_Desc/System_Types_Import.htm)
    page.

4.  Click **Edit**.
    
    *[View the field descriptions for the System Types Import
    page](../Page_Desc/System_Types_Import.htm)*

5.  Select the data source from **Data Source ID** list box.
    
    **NOTE:** The data source selected must be a database on the local
    SQL server (i.e., a dg\* or sdb\* data source).

6.  Select the System Type model from the **System Type Model** list
    box.
    
    **NOTE:** JDE and SAP models are pre-delivered with the product.

7.  Select a language from the **Language ID** list box.
    
    **NOTE:** If the Language ID is not set, the default value defined
    in the platform is used.

8.  Select an option from the **Import Model Option** list box. Values
    are:
    
      - Import tables from the Selected Model
    
      - Import tables from the Selected Model Group
        
        **NOTE:** If this option is selected, the Import Model Group
        field is required.

9.  Select an import model group from the **Import Model Group** list
    box, if needed.
    
    **NOTE:** All tables in the model group along with their associated
    description and lookup tables are imported.

10. Check the **Exclude Client Fields** checkbox (optional).
    
    **NOTE:** This field only applies to SAP System Types

11. Click **Save**.

12. Click **Import Model**.
