+++
title = 'Process Adapters'
solution = 'Platform'
+++

# Process Adapters

The <span style="font-style: italic;">[Process Adapters](#)</span> and
<span style="font-style: italic;">[Process Adapter
Properties](../Page_Desc/Process_Adapter_Properties.htm)</span> pages
are used for

  - AutoGen by users with Administrator access and
  - Transform to run the Data Services Jobs as generated by AutoGen.

The entries on these pages are only created programmatically when
setting up a Data Services entry in the *[Data Source
Registry](../Page_Desc/Data_Source_Registry_H.htm)* page.

A process adapter cannot be deleted but the properties can be edited.

The process adapter entries are editable and the underlying table should
never be manually edited or it can break the functionality of the DSP®
to make Data Services calls.

Making modifications to the process adapter properties and entries
includes the following topics:

  - [Modify the Process Adapter
    Entries](#Modify_the_Process_Adapter_Entries)
  - [Modify the Process Adapter
    Properties](#Modify_the_Process_Adapter_Properties)

## Process Types

The current supported process types are:

  - **Execute** - OperationTimeoutMinutes
  - **Polling** – OperationTimeoutMinutes, PollTimeout, PollTimerWait

These process types currently only apply to accessing Data Services as
used from AutoGen and Transform (to execute the jobs created and
imported by AutoGen). The Execute and Polling types are used by
Transform for Data Services
jobs.

## <span id="Modify_the_Process_Adapter_Entries"></span>Modify the Process Adapter Entries

To edit the process adapter entries:

1.  Select **Common \> Configuration \> Process Adapters** in the
    <span style="font-style: italic;">Navigation</span> pane.

2.  Click **Edit** in the *Process Adapter* page.
    
    [View the field descriptions for the Process Adapters
    page](../Page_Desc/Process_Adapter.htm)
    
    **NOTE:** The only field that is editable is the **MAX INSTANCE
    COUNT** field.

3.  Enter the value for **MAX INSTANCE COUNT**.
    
    **NOTE:** There is a validation rule that prevents a **MAX INSTANCE
    COUNT** value of less than 1.

4.  Click
**Save**.

## <span id="Modify_the_Process_Adapter_Properties"></span>Modify the Process Adapter Properties

To edit the process adapter properties:

1.  Select **Common \> Configuration \> Process Adapters** in the
    <span style="font-style: italic;">Navigation</span> pane.

2.  Click **Edit** in the *Process Adapter Properties* page.
    
    *[View the field descriptions for the Process Adapter Properties
    page](../Page_Desc/Process_Adapter_Properties.htm)*
    
    **NOTE:** The only fields that are editable are the **VALUE** and
    **DESCRIPTION** fields.

3.  Enter the value or text for **VALUE**.
    
    **NOTE:** The value or text entered in the **VALUE** field is
    dependent on the value in the **PROPERTY NAME** field. Refer to the
    *[Process Adapter
    Properties](../Page_Desc/Process_Adapter_Properties.htm)* page for
    more information.

4.  Enter the **DESCRIPTION** for the property.

5.  Click **Save**.
