+++
title = 'Use a Calendar'
solution = 'Platform'
+++

# Use a Calendar

In Common, users can add calendars for use in dspTrack™ and for
establishing SLAs in dspConduct™. Users can assign users and configure
work days, work hours, and calendar exception dates to calendars.

## Calendars in dspTrack™

Calendars are used in dspTrack™ for schedule status calculations. Each
plan can have a default calendar assigned so that non-working days and
holidays can be included in schedule status calculations. Refer to [Set
Parameters for Schedule Status
Calculations](../../dspTrack/Use_Cases/Set_Parameters_for_Schedule_Status_Calculation.htm)
for more information.

A calendar named Default is included when dspTrack™ is installed.
Additional calendars can be added for dspTrack™.

The default calendar settings are used to establish work days, work
hours, and calendar exception dates for all calendars for dspTrack™
plans when the plans are created. A user can designate a calendar other
than the default calendar be used in dspTrack™.  

**NOTE:** The dspTrack™ Default calendar cannot be deleted.

A user can also change the calendar for any plan in dspTrack™. Refer to
[Add a Default Calendar to a Plan or All
Plans](../../dspTrack/Use_Cases/Add_a_Default_Calendar_to_a_Plan1.htm)
for more information.

**NOTE:** If a calendar is being used for a plan in dspTrack™, the
calendar cannot be deleted.

## Calendars in dspConduct™

A default calendar is delivered for dspConduct™. The dspConduct™ default
calendar cannot be deleted. dspConduct™ default calendar’s Work Day,
Work Hours, and Exceptions may be changed to reflect correct values for
a specific client site. Each site should have only one dspConduct™
calendar. A user can only be assigned to one calendar at a time.

Best practice is to have only one dspConduct™ calendar per site.
 However, calendars can be added to handle international date
considerations.  A user can only be assigned to one calendar at a time.

To use a calendar:

  - [Add a Calendar](Add_a_Calendar.htm)
  - [Copy a Calendar](Copy_a_Calendar.htm)
  - [Add and Remove a Calendar's
    Users](Add_and_Remove_a_Calendars_Users.htm)
  - [Set Work Days and Work Hours for a
    Calendar](SetWorkDysHrsCalendar.htm)
  - [Add an Exception to the
    Calendar](Add_an_Exception_to_the_Calendar.htm)
  - [Copy Work Hours Across Work
    Days](Copy_Work_Hours_Across_Work_Days.htm)
  - [Delete a Calendar](Delete_a_Calendar.htm)
