+++
title = 'Create rt Tables from the tt Tables'
solution = 'Data Quality'
+++

# Create rt Tables from the tt Tables

Before performing this task:

1.  Create a looped template and process in Integrate. Refer to
    [Configure Process Template Loops for a BDC Script Template with
    Looping
    Enabled](../../../Platform/Integrate/Use_Cases/ConfigureProcTempLoopsBDCLoopEn)
    or [Configure Process Template Loops for a GUI Script Template with
    Looping
    Enabled](../../../Platform/Integrate/Use_Cases/ConfigureProcTemplLoopsGUILoopgEn)
    in Integrate for more information.
2.  [Create all tt Tables and tx Views for the Integrate
    Process](Create_All_tt_Tables_and_tx_Views_for_the_Integrate_Process)

Once each **tt** table is created, use the tt table as a script to
create an **rt** table. Add these columns to each **rt** table:

<span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE</span>: ArchiveID column must be
set as the PrimaryKey of the rt Table.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Column Name</p></td>
<td><p>Data Type</p></td>
<td><p>Value</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>ArchiveID</p>
<p><strong>NOTE</strong>: This should be the first column in the table.</p></td>
<td><p>int</p></td>
<td><p>IDENTITY(1,1) NOT NULL</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>PostedOn</p></td>
<td><p>smalldatetime</p></td>
<td><p>NULL DEFAULT (getdate())</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>PostedBy</p></td>
<td><p>nvarchar (50)</p></td>
<td><p>NULL</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Connection</p></td>
<td><p>nvarchar (50)</p></td>
<td><p>NULL</p></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

These additional changes must be made when creating the **rt** table:

1.  ID column must be modified to no longer be IDENTITY.
2.  Remove defaults from PostError, PostMessage and Reject columns.

For each table (the header table and each loop table), create a **tx**
view, if one was not automatically generated by Integrate. Link these
views to the appropriate loop in Integrate.

The **tx** view must contain all columns from the **tt** table, the
WebAppID where the view resides, and a WHERE clause 'WHERE \[PostError\]
\>= 1'.

Continue with [Create Custom Pages and
Views](Create_Custom_Pages_and_Views).
