# Enter Data for a Request

**NOTE**: Templates in dspCompose™ are highly customizable and can be
configured to have multiple Role IDs with the Role Type of Data. Users
assigned to these roles add or update request data. A template can have
multiple Data Entry roles. The generic term “Data Entry role” is used
throughout this use case, and can refer to one or multiple Role IDs with
the Role Type of Data.

There are three methods to update request data in dspCompose™:

  - **Manual change** is used to manually update records on the data
    entry page. This option is used if a mass change needs to be made to
    only a few records in the target ERP system or the changes on the
    data entry page are unique per record. Refer to [Manually Change
    Data](#Manually_Change_Data) for more information.

  - **Mass change** is used if there are several records on the data
    entry page that require the same change. For example, if there are
    100,000 records to be loaded into the target system, editing each
    record individually would not be possible given time constraints. If
    10,000 of these records (which can be identified via a Where Clause)
    require the same change, use the mass change feature to expedite the
    change process. Refer to [Mass Change Data](#Mass_Change_Data) for
    more information.

  - **External change** is used to manipulate data that is stored
    externally to dspCompose™ or if manipulation of that data is
    streamlined using an external tool. Once the data is manipulated
    outside of dspCompose™, it can be imported into the request using
    the View or File methods. To externally change data with a file or a
    view, refer to [Import a View at the Request-Role
    Level](Import_a_View_at_the_Request%20Role_Level.htm) and [Import a
    File at the Request-Role
    Level](Import_a_File_at_the_Request%20Role_Level.htm).

## <span id="Manually_Change_Data"></span>Manually Change Data

Manually update or enter data in dspCompose™ if:

  - There are only a few records on the data entry page to be updated.

  - The changes on the data entry page are unique per record.

**NOTE**: A user assigned to the Data role for the request will receive
an email when a request is ready to be processed if the **SEND
WORKFLOW** check box is enabled for the user on the
*[User](../Page_Desc/User_H.htm)* page.

**NOTE**: If the request has Org Units assigned, dspCompose™ will only
send[User H](../Page_Desc/User_H.htm) workflow emails to users who have
Org Unit security for values on the request.

<span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE</span>: The Finish process
initiates the workflow email to users assigned to the next role (if the
SEND WORKFLOW check box is enabled on the *User* page for this user).
The Finish process displays a notification from within dspCompose™ to
users assigned to the next role (if the SEND NOTIFICATION check box is
enabled on the *User* page for this user).

To manually change request data:

1.  Select **Requests** on the *Navigation* pane.

2.  Click **Roles** for a request
    
    <span style="font-style: italic;">Or</span>
    
    Click the link in the workflow email generated by dspCompose™.
    
    **NOTE:** The count on the **Roles** icon is the number of roles the
    current user can access, not the total number of roles for the
    request.

3.  Click **DATA ENTRY** for the role that allows data entry.

4.  Populate all applicable fields.

5.  Click **Save**.

6.  Navigate to the *[*Request
    (Roles)*](../Page_Desc/Request_Roles_H.htm)*page.

7.  Click **Finish** when data entry is complete.
    
    **NOTE:** The Finish process initiates the workflow email to users
    assigned to the next role (if the **SEND WORKFLOW** check box is
    enabled on the *User* page for this user).
    
    **NOTE**: If the request has Org Units assigned, dspCompose™ will
    only send workflow emails to users who have Org Unit security for
    values on the request.
    
    **NOTE**: The Data role is finished differently if:
    
      - The template uses Org Units and
    
      - Users have been assigned to different Org Unit values and
    
      - The Org Unit security view has been added to the Horizontal View
        of the Data Entry pages.

In this case, the Finish button will not dither and the Data role will
not be finished until the Data role for all Org Unit Values has been
finished. In other words, a user assigned to each Org Unit Value must
finish the Data role before the request can move to the Review role.
Until this condition is met, the Finish button will remain active. Refer
to [Updates to Finishing a Data Role for Templates with the Security
View](Updates_to_Finishing_a_Data_Role_for_Templates.htm) for more
information.

## <span id="Mass_Change_Data"></span>Mass Change Data

The Mass Change feature permits users to update records based on a field
and a value on the data entry page using an update statement formed by
dspCompose™ that uses the settings on the *[Request Mass
Change](../Page_Desc/Request_Mass_Change_H.htm)* page. This page
provides a way to make mass changes to data on the data entry pages
quickly, accurately and without having to move the data out of the DSP®.
Use the Where Clause Builder to further filter the data that requires an
update.

**NOTE**: A user assigned to the data entry role for the request will
receive an email when a request is ready to be processed if the
**SENDWORKFLOW** check box is enabled for the user on the *User* page.

**NOTE**: If the request has Org Units assigned, dspCompose™ will only
send workflow emails to users who have Org Unit security for values on
the request.

**NOTE**: Columns can be excluded from mass change. Refer to [Configure
Columns to Exclude from Mass
Change](../Config/Configure_Columns_to_Exclude_from_Mass_Change.htm) for
more information.

**NOTE**: Multiple mass changes can be applied for a single data entry
page.

<span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE</span>: For requests with Org
Units that use a mass change, if the
<span style="font-style: italic;">Horizontal</span> View of the Data
Entry page has been modified to include the security view and boaUserID,
only the records to which the user has access will be updated when mass
change is executed. Refer to [Incorporate the Security View into Request
Processing](Incorporate_the_Security_View_into_Request_Processing.htm)
for more information.

<span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE</span>: The Finish process
initiates the workflow email to users assigned to the next role (if the
SEND WORKFLOW check box is enabled on the *User* page for this user).
The Finish process displays a notification from within dspCompose™ to
users assigned to the next role (if the SEND NOTIFICATION check box is
enabled on the *User* page for this user).

To mass change data:

1.  Select **Requests** on the *Navigation* pane.

2.  Click **Roles** for a request.
    
    <span style="font-style: italic;">Or</span>
    
    Click the link in the workflow email generated by dspCompose™.
    
    **NOTE:** The count on the Roles icon is the number of roles the
    current user can access, not the total number of roles for the
    request.

3.  Click **DATA ENTRY** for the role that allows data entry.

4.  Click **Mass Change** on the Page toolbar.

5.  Click **Edit**.
    
    *[View the field descriptions for the Request Mass Change
    page.](../Page_Desc/Request_Mass_Change_H.htm)*

6.  Select a column from **COLUMN NAME** list box.
    
    **NOTE:** The **COLUMN NAME** column is updated by the Mass Change
    action.

7.  Enter a mass change value in **VALUE** field.
    
    **NOTE:** The **VALUE** field is the value written to the column
    selected in the **COLUMN NAME** field. This value could also be
    another field name in the data entry table, in which case, the value
    would update the **COLUMN NAME** with the **VALUE** from that field.

8.  Click **Save**.

9.  Click **Build Where Clause** to aid with the filtering of data that
    requires an update.
    
    **NOTE:** Refer to [Build Mass Change Where
    Clause](#Build_Mass_Change_Where_Clause) for detailed information.

10. Click **Execute** when the mass change is ready to be processed; a
    confirmation message displays.
    
    **NOTE:** The execute process applies the mass change value to all
    rows for the selected column on the data entry page that meet the
    criteria in the Where Clause (if one exists).

11. Click **Yes**.
    
    **NOTE:** Once the execute process completes, a confirmation message
    displays.

12. Click **Ok**.

13. Click **View Data** to view a report of the mass changed data.

14. Navigate to the *[Request
    (Roles)](../Page_Desc/Request_Roles_H.htm)* page.

15. Click **Finish** when the data update is complete.
    
    **NOTE: **The Finish process initiates the workflow email to users
    assigned to the next role (if the **SEND WORKFLOW** check box is
    enabled on the *User* page for user(s) assigned to the next
    dependent role).
    
    **NOTE**: If the request has Org Units assigned, dspCompose™ will
    only send workflow emails to users who have Org Unit security for
    values on the request.
    
    **NOTE**: If:
    
      - The template uses Org Units and
    
      - Users have been assigned to different Org Unit values and
    
      - The Org Unit security view has been added to the Horizontal View
        of the Data Entry pages

The Finish button will not dither and the Data role will not be finished
until the Data role for all Org Unit Values has been finished. In other
words, a user assigned to each Org Unit Value must finish the Data role
before the request can move to the Review role. Until this condition is
met, the Finish button will remain active. Refer to [Updates to
Finishing a Data Role for Templates with the Security
View](Updates_to_Finishing_a_Data_Role_for_Templates.htm) for more
information.

## <span id="Build_Mass_Change_Where_Clause"></span>Build Mass Change Where Clause

A Where clause can be built to limit data that is updated via Mass
Change. Multiple Where clauses can be added to a single mass change.

There are two ways to create a Where clause for the Mass Change feature:

Use the Build Where Clause Feature if creating an AND Where clause. The
Where Clause Builder alleviates the need to write syntactically correct
SQL, thereby expanding the usability of the mass change functionality
beyond technical users.

Manually build a Where clause that is more complex than what can be
automatically generated.

<span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE</span>: If a user builds a Where
clause manually and specifies a Role record to which that user does not
have access, that record is not updated in the Mass Change.

**NOTE**: This feature can also be used to modify an
automatically-generated Where clause.

To automatically generate a Where clause:

1.  Select **Requests** on the *Navigation* pane.

2.  Click **Roles** for a request.
    
    **NOTE**: The count on the **Roles** icon is the number of roles the
    current user can access, not the total number of roles for the
    request.

3.  Click **DATA ENTRY** for the role that allows data entry.

4.  Click **Mass Change**.

5.  Click **Build Where Clause** for a Mass Change record.
    
    **NOTE**: Refer to [Mass Change
    Data](Enter_Data_for_a_Request.htm#Mass_Change_Data) for more
    information.
    
    <span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE</span>: If no records exist,
    the page displays in add mode. Otherwise, click Add.
    
    [View the field descriptions for the Request Mass Change (Where
    Clause) page](../Page_Desc/Request_Mass_Change_Where_Clause.htm)

6.  Select a column from **COLUMN NAME** list box.
    
    **NOTE:** The **COLUMN NAME** column is used in the comparison
    operation used by the Mass Change action.

7.  Select a value from **CONDITIONAL** list box.

8.  Enter the value associated with the condition in **VALUE** field.
    
    **NOTE:** The VALUE can be a field name if a comparison was required
    between two fields, for example, WHERE X \< Y.

9.  Click **Save**.

10. Repeat steps \# 6 – 9 to “AND” together more Where clause strings.

To manually create a Where clause:

1.  Select **Requests** on the *Navigation pane*.

2.  Click **Roles** for a request.
    
    **NOTE**: The count on the **Roles** icon is the number of roles the
    current user can access, not the number of roles for the request.

3.  Click **DATA ENTRY** for the role that allows data entry.

4.  Click **Mass Change** on the Page Toolbar.

5.  Click **Vertical View** for a Mass Change record.

6.  Click **Edit**.
    
    *[View the field descriptions for the Request Mass Change page’s
    Vertical
    View](../Page_Desc/Request_Mass_Change_H.htm#Request_Mass_Change_V).*

7.  <span class="ListBullet">Enter a filter in **Where Clause**
    field.</span>
    
    *Or*
    
    Modify the Where clause generated by the Where Clause Builder.
    
    <span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE</span>: If the user specifies
    a Role record to which that user does not have access, that record
    is not updated in the Mass Change.    

8.  Click **Save**.
