# Import a File at the Request Role Level

A user generates a file in the form of an Excel spreadsheet from within
dspCompose™. A user then adds the request data to the spreadsheet, and
the file can then be imported.

**NOTE**: Each data entry role that should import a spreadsheet for the
template must have the **Excel Import Allowed** check box enabled.
Navigate to the *Template (Role)* page’s *Vertical* View for the Data
Entry role. On the **Import Settings** tab, click the check box to
enable it. This check box is enabled by default.

**NOTE**: Refer to [Configure Columns for File Generation and Data
Entry](Configure_Columns_for_File_Generation.htm) for more information
about configuring settings for which columns display and how they
display in the generated file.

**NOTE**: External Data roles receive a generated spreadsheet to update
request data. Refer to [Use External Data Roles in Request
Processing](Use_External_Data_Roles_in_Request_Processing.htm) for more
information.

**NOTE**: For column values to be translated in Excel spreadsheets, any
Custom Application catalogs should be registered to dspCompose™ or
translation values should be entered in the dspCompose\_Data catalog.
Refer to platform documentation for more information.

This topic contains the following sections:

  - [Import Tips](#Import_Tips)
  - [Generate the File](#Generate_the_File)
  - Import the File

## <span id="Import_Tips"></span>Import Tips

  - Use the spreadsheets generated by dspCompose™ when importing data.
    The data imported can be manipulated in a separate Excel file, but
    it is recommended that the data be copied into or entered and
    modified directly in the generated Excel files.
  - When updating or inserting records into an Excel spreadsheet
    generated by dspCompose™, it is best to not have any blank rows in
    the spreadsheet between rows of data.
  - dspCompose™ is designed for spreadsheet import with very large data
    sets. For performance considerations, BackOffice recommends that the
    number of records in the spreadsheet be kept to a manageable number.
  - Do not alter the first three rows in dspCompose™-generated
    spreadsheets that contain the column names and sample data, or the
    spreadsheet will not process correctly.

## <span id="Generate_the_File"></span>Generate the File

On the *[Parameters](../Page_Desc/Parameters.htm)* page, on the
**Posting and File** tab, settings related to file generation allow a
user to:

  - Set the location where dspCompose™ saves the generated file in the
    **File Location** field

  - Set the number of days the generated file is retained in the **File
    Retention Interval** field

  - Generate a protected Excel spreadsheet if the **Protect Excel
    Sheets** check box is enabled

To generate a file for a request:

1.  Select **Requests** on the *Navigation
    <span style="font-style: normal;">pane</span>*.

2.  Click **Roles** for the request.

3.  Click **Vertical View** for the Data Entry role.
    
    *[View the field descriptions for the Request (Roles) page’s
    Vertical View.](../Page_Desc/Request_H.htm#Request_V_All_Tabs)*

4.  Click **Generate Template File**.
    
    **NOTE**: dspCompose™ creates an empty Excel template with columns
    named for the columns on the data entry page and a row of sample
    data. The sample data is pulled from the recording performed when
    the template was created and serves as a guide for users performing
    file input into dspCompose™ requests. The file can be edited, saved
    and uploaded to dspCompose™ to import data into the request.
    
    **NOTE**: The file is generated according to configuration settings.
    Refer to [Configure Columns for File Generation and Data
    Entry](Configure_Columns_for_File_Generation.htm) for more
    information.

5.  Save the file.
    
    **NOTE**: Do not change the file name.

6.  Open the file in Excel and enter request data.
    
    **NOTE**: Do not enter data in the red and black rows. These are
    required for dspCompose™ to upload data.

7.  Save the file.

## <span id="Import_the_File"></span>Import the File

Before performing these steps, [Generate the File](#Generate_the_File).

**NOTE**: Each Data Entry role that should import a spreadsheet for the
template must have the **Excel Import Allowed** check box enabled.
Navigate to the *[*Template
(Role)*](../Page_Desc/Template_Role_H.htm)*page’s *Vertical* View for
the Data Entry role. On the **Import Settings** tab, click the check box
to enable it. This check box is enabled by default.

To import a file that contains the request data:

1.  Select **Requests** on the *Navigation
    <span style="font-style: normal;">pane</span>*.

2.  Click **Roles** for the request.

3.  Click **Vertical View** for the Data Entry role.

4.  Click the **Delete Data Before Import – File** check box to select
    it, if necessary.
    
    **NOTE:** When importing data from the file, this field controls
    whether or not data on the data entry page should be deleted. Enable
    this check box to delete target data before the import is processed.

5.  Click **Import** to upload the Excel file containing the request
    data.

**NOTE:** If an Excel file contains a column that has data but does not
have a column header, dspCompose™ does not import the data in that
column.
