+++
title = 'Register Validations to List Boxes'
solution = 'Data Quality'
+++

# Register Validations to List Boxes

A Template Administrator can configure validations to run on a column
when a user enters data into the column of the dspCompose™ generated
spreadsheet.

These validations control the data that can be entered for the selected
column, or in the case of list boxes, options available for selection.

To set validations for list boxes:

1.  Click **Team** in the *Navigation pane*.

2.  Click **Templates** for a team.

3.  Click **Roles** for a template.

4.  Click **Excel Column Control** for a role.
    
    **NOTE**: This option is not available for the Post role.

5.  Click **Vertical View** for a column.

6.  Click **Edit**.
    
    [View the field descriptions for the Template (Role Excel Column
    Control)
    page.](../Page_Desc/Template_Role_Excel_Column_Control_H.htm)

7.  Click **Advanced Validation** tab.

8.  Click the **Named Range Only** check box to enable it.
    
    **NOTE**<span>: If enabled, the Named Range Only custom validation
    rule for the selected column is used. A “Named Range Only” list box
    allows a Template Administrator to set up and use advanced list
    boxes that reference other list boxes and validations within the
    Excel file generated by dspCompose™.</span>

9.  Enter the formula used in the custom validation for the selected
    column for the list box in the Custom List Formula field.
    
    **NOTE:**<span>A custom list formula allows a Template Administrator
    to create advanced, custom list boxes, especially when combined with
    Named Range Only list boxes.</span>

10. Click **Save**.

To set custom validations:

1.  Enter a formula used in the custom validation for the selected
    column.
    
    <span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE</span>: The Custom Validation
    Formula allows for dynamic substitution of column names, such that
    the column name is replaced with the column index.

2.  Enter message sent to the user if the validation used by the custom
    validation formula fails.

3.  Click **Save**.
