+++
title = 'Internal'
solution = 'Migration'
+++

# Internal

The Internal action is used when mapping a key field that should use a
number generated internally by the Target ERP system as the record is
loaded. For example, a key field such as Material Number, generated by
SAP, can be used to populate a field using this action. SAP would supply
the next available incremented number to complete the field.

An Internal action does not create any rules in Map. The Target ERP
system is the source for the number.

<span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE</span>: A mapping with an Internal
action cannot be saved unless the fields SOURCE TABLE, SOURCE FIELD,
DEFAULT VALUE, and RULE SQL on the
<span style="font-style: italic;">Horizontal</span> View are blank and
the Target Relationship ID field on the
<span style="font-style: italic;">Vertical</span> View is empty on the
<span style="font-style: italic;">Field Mappings</span> page.

To create a field mapping using the Internal action on the
<span style="font-style: italic;">[Field
Mappings](../Page_Desc/Field_Mappings_H.htm)</span> page:

1.  Select the field to be mapped.

2.  Click <span style="font-weight: bold;">Edit</span>.
    
        [View the field descriptions for the Field Mappings
    page](../Page_Desc/Field_Mappings_H.htm)

3.  Select **Internal** from the **ACTION** list box.

4.  Click **Save**.

5.  Click the <span style="font-weight: bold;">Submit</span> icon on the
    Page toolbar.

The mapping must be approved by a Developer on the *[Mapping
Approval](../Page_Desc/Mapping_Approval_H.htm)* page for documentation
purposes and to help track progress of the data migration project. Refer
to <span style="color: #0000ff;">[Approve or Reject
Mappings](Approve_or_Reject_Mappings.htm)</span> and
<span style="color: #0000ff;">[Assign Developers to a Target or
Source](../../Design/Use_Cases/Add_Developers_and%20Business%20Contacts.htm)</span>
for more information.

Once the mapping has been created, the **Action, Source Table, Source
Field** and **Default Value** fields do not allow updates until one of
the following events occurs:

  - The Developer clicks **Reject** on the *Mapping Approval* page.
  - The Mapper clicks **Reset** on the *Field Mappings* page.

**NOTE**: When a user clicks Reset, Mapping By, Submitted By, Created By
and Approved By field will be reset to NULL values. The Rejected By
field does not update and contains the user ID of the Developer who
rejected the mapping on the <span style="font-style: italic;">Mapping
Approval</span> page. The Mapper can contact the Developer with any
questions.

Once the fields allow update, edit them, click **Save**, and click the
**Submit**icon on the Page toolbar. This updated mapping is sent to the
Developer for review on the *Mapping Approval* page.
