+++
title = 'Wave Gate Metrics (Value Mapping) H'
solution = 'Migration'
+++

# Wave Gate Metrics (Value Mapping) H

[Wave Gate Metrics (Value Mapping) V](#Wave_Gate_Metrics_Value1)

<div class="use">

Use this page to [Set up Wave Gate Metrics for
Map](../Use_Cases/Evaluate_Mapping_with_Wave_Gate_Metrics.htm).

</div>

To access this page:

1.  Select <span style="font-weight: bold;">dspMigrate</span> in the
    <span style="font-style: italic;">Navigation</span> pane, or select
    <span style="font-weight: bold;">Console</span> in the Context bar.
2.  Click <span style="font-weight: bold;">Waves</span> in the
    <span style="font-style: italic;">Navigation</span> pane.
3.  Click the <span style="font-weight: bold;">Metrics</span> icon for a
    Wave.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Field</p></td>
<td><p>Description</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>NAME</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the Wave name.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>GATE NAME</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the gate name. A gate is a point in the project where a percentage of value mappings should be completed.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>GATE DATE</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the date by which the percentage set in <strong>GATE PERCENTAGE</strong> should be finished.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>GATE PERCENTAGE</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the percent of value mappings in the migration project that should be completed by the <strong>GATE DATE</strong>.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>PERCENT COMPLETE</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the actual percent complete of the value mappings, as generated by the Snap Shot process in Map. This process is run automatically once daily, but can be run at any time by accessing Map, clicking <strong>Metrics</strong> on the <em><a href="../../Transform/Page_Desc/Process_Area_Launch.htm">Process Area Launch</a></em> page, then clicking the Process icon .</p>
<p> <strong>NOTE</strong>: If the current date is later than the GATE DATE, the Snap Shot process will not update the percent complete.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>CHECK TABLE TOTAL</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the number of check tables that require value mapping in Map. To view the check tables in Map, click <strong>Value Mapping</strong> on the <em>Process Area Launch</em> page.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>SOURCE TOTAL</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the number of Sources for all check tables in Map. View sources in Map by clicking <strong>Value Mapping</strong> on the <em>Process Area Launch</em> page, then clicking <strong>Sources</strong> for a check table.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>LAST UPDATE DATE</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the last date the Snap Shot process was run in Map.</p></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## <span id="Wave_Gate_Metrics_Value1"></span>Wave Gate Metrics (Value Mapping) V

[Wave Gate Metrics (Value Mapping)
H](Wave_Gate_Metrics_Value_Mapping_H.htm)

<div class="use">

Use this page to [Set up Wave Gate Metrics for
Map](../Use_Cases/Evaluate_Mapping_with_Wave_Gate_Metrics.htm).

</div>

Field

Description

Name

Displays the Wave name.

Gate Name

Displays the gate name. A gate is a point in the project where a
percentage of value mappings should be completed.

Description

Displays a description of the gate.

Gate Settings

Gate Date

Displays the date by which the percentage set in **GATE PERCENTAGE**
should be finished.

Gate Percentage

Displays the percent of value mappings in the migration project that
should be completed by the **GATE DATE**.

Project Details

Percent Complete

Displays the actual percent complete of the value mappings, as generated
by the Snap Shot process in Map. The percentage is calculated by the
number of value mapped fields plus the number of fields marked as not
relevant divided by the total number of value mapped fields. This
process is run automatically once daily, but can be run at any time by
accessing Map, clicking **Metrics** on the *Process Area Launch* page,
then clicking the **Process** icon.

**NOTE:** If the current date is later than the **GATE DATE**, the Snap
Shot process will not update the percent complete.

Last Update Date

Displays the last date the Snap Shot process was run in Map.

Check Table Total

Displays the number of check tables that require value mapping in Map.
To view the check tables in Map, click **Value Mapping** on the *Process
Area Launch* page.

Source Active

Displays the number of active sources for check tables in Map.

Source Total

Displays the number of sources for all check tables in Map. View sources
in Map by clicking **Value Mapping** on the *Process Area Launch* page,
then clicking **Sources** for a check table.

Value Mapping Details

Value Mapping Mapped

Displays the total number of check tables with value mappings complete
on the *Value Mapping* page in Map.

Value Mapping Not Relevant Mapped

Displays the number of value mappings for Sources that have the **NOT
RELEVANT** check box enabled on the *[Value Mapping (Legacy to
Target)](../../Map/Page_Desc/Value_Mapping_Legacy_to_Target_H.htm)* page
in Map.

Value Mapping Not Mapped

Displays the number of value mappings for check tables that do not have
a mapping value or are marked as not relevant on the *Value Mapping*
page in Map.

Value Mapping Total

Displays the total number of value mappings completed and not completed
in Map.

Value Mapping Proposed

Displays the total number of proposed values for check tables. To view
the number of proposed mappings in Map by check table, click **Value
Mapping** on the *Process Area Launch* page.
