# View Transform Reports

Transform offers a variety of reports, described in the following table.

Report

Description

Target, Target Source, and Target Data Services Reports

These migration reports are created by SQL AutoGen, or are created
manually as needed based on mappings, target design and other features.

Report Delivery pages

Business uses who do not normally access the DSP but who need access to
their migration reports can view them on the Report Delivery pages.

Click **My Reports** in the *Navigation* pane to access links to the
migration reports that the user can access. Refer to [Grant Users Access
to Reports and Sensitive
Information](Grant_Users_Access_to_Reports_and_Sensitive_Data.htm) for
details about report security for this type of report.

Click **Reports** in the *Navigation* pane to access links to the
following metrics reports:

[Target Metrics Object
Development](Target_Metrics_Object_Development.htm)

Lists all objects in the migration project for the selected context,
their project completion rate and their actual completion rate. Used to
track object development completion through the course of the project.

[Target Metrics Content](Target_Metrics_Content.htm)

Lists, by object, Target reports and the number of records returned.
Also known as the RuleBook, this report lists all mappings created in
Map for the selected Target.

[Target Metrics Report](Target_Metrics_Report.htm)

Lists Targets, along with status, complexity and Target type.

[Cutover Plan](../Page_Desc/Cutover_Plan.htm)

Provides a checklist of all the Source and Target tables in the
migration project as well as the data Source that stores the Target
Source tables.

Click **Tracking** in the *Navigation* pane to access links to the
following reports:

[Object (Metrics)](../Page_Desc/Object_Metrics.htm)

Provides a view of the objects developed each week. This feature can be
used to monitor the activity within each object and, more specifically,
each Target.

[Score Card (Metrics)](../Page_Desc/Score_Card_Metrics.htm)

Illustrates the status of the Data Migration Management Team and is
typically provided to the PMO. The report has very high level traffic
light indicators (green, yellow and red) to reflect the status of each
object.

[Trend Summary](../Page_Desc/Trend_Summary.htm)

Displays a set of icons that display tables, procedures, views and error
reports for each object where objects have been captured on the
*Milestones* page. Refer to [Create Milestones](Create_Milestones.htm)
for detailed information on capturing objects.

[Trend Summary (Chart)](Trend_Summary_Chart.htm)

Displays a graphical representation of the data in the Trend Summary.

Click the **\>** next to **Reports** in the *Navigation* pane to access
the reports below.

[Target (Errors)](../Page_Desc/Target_Errors.htm)

Lists all Target reports for all contexts that are error reports. Report
types of Error and Target Readiness display on this report page. The
record count, the last date the report ran, and icons to view and
download the report are also included.

[Target (Info)](../Page_Desc/Target_Info.htm)

Lists all Target reports for all contexts that are info reports. All
report types that are not error report types (Error and Target
Readiness) display on this report page. The record count, the last date
the report ran, and icons to view and download the report are also
included.

[Source (Errors)](../Page_Desc/Source_Errors.htm)

Lists all Target Source reports for all contexts that are error reports.
Report types of Error and Target Readiness display on this report. The
record count, the date the report last ran, and icons to view and
download the report are also included.

[Source (Info)](../Page_Desc/Source_Info.htm)

Lists all Target Source reports for all contexts that are info reports.
All report types that are not error report types (Error and Target
Readiness) display on this report page. The record count, the date the
report last ran, and icons to view and download the report are also
included.

[All Reports](../Page_Desc/All_Reports.htm)

Lists all reports for all Targets and Target Sources for all report
types for all contexts. The record count, the date the report last Â ran,
and icons to view and download the report are also included.

[Target Rule (Audit)](../Page_Desc/Target_Rule_Audit_Report.htm)

Lists all Target audit reports for all contexts. The record count, the
date the report last ran, and icons to view and download the report are
also included.
