+++
title = 'Add Data in SQL to be Included in the Flat File'
solution = 'Platform'
+++

# Add Data in SQL to be Included in the Flat File

<span id="Post Data Using UDF or Fixed Width Steps" class="popUpLink">Review
the steps in the process. </span>

Enter the data in the SQL database that Integrate will include in the
flat file when it is generated.

Use the **VIEW NAME** generated by the Auto Generate Database Objects
feature for each loop in the process.

1.  Log in to SQL Server.

2.  Locate the database assigned to the process.

3.  Locate the views and corresponding tables assigned to each of the
    process template loops.
    
    **NOTE**: If the database objects were generated automatically,
    Integrate created tables and views using the Auto Generate Database
    Objects feature.  Views are named tx\[Process Name Template Name
    Loop Name\]. Tables are named tt\[Process Name Template Name Loop
    Name\]\_Upload.

4.  Open each table and add records.

5.  If the table was created using the Auto Generate Database Objects
    feature, populate the FlatFileObjectKey with the same number for a
    header and the corresponding details for one record to construct a
    complete data set.  If the views were created manually in the
    database, register the Flat File Object Kay column at the process
    template loop level. The column containing the flat file object key
    can be any column in any view. 

**NOTE**: The Flat File Object Key is a unique identifier for an object
that Integrate uses to join the data stored in different tables to make
a complete data set for the object. The data set has two loop levels,
the header and the details. For example, Integrate uses the flat file
object key of 1 in the first loop (the header) to join the header with
detail records stored in tables that also have the flat file object key
of 1. When posting, batch sizes are based on the number of header
records as set by the Flat File Object Key.

**NOTE**: If the database objects were created using the Auto Generate
Database Object feature, do not populate the **ID** field, it will be
auto-generated.
