# Configure an RFC Template

<span id="Post Data using an RFC Steps" class="popUpLink">\>Review the
steps in the process. </span>

<span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE</span>: This use case provides an
example of posting using the RFC
<span style="font-family: &#39;Times New Roman&#39;, serif;">BOA/ZRFC\_READ\_TABLE
– External access to R/3 tables via RFC</span>, but does not supply
comprehensive instructions to suit all RFCs.

Configuring an RFC template includes selecting the name of the Function
Module in SAP. Integrate then pulls the definition of the Function
Module from SAP to complete the template.

Before creating a template, ensure the RFCs and BAPIs for the SAP
connection have been downloaded.  Refer to [Extract RFC
Functions](../Config/Extract_RFC_Functions.htm) for more information.

<span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE:</span> Integrate attempts to
detect the data type for the fields for RFC templates when the templates
are autogenerated. If no information is found about a field, the default
data type of nvarchar (128) is used.

**NOTE**: Begin template creation on the *Template* page in *Horizontal*
View. Refer to [Create a Basic Template](Create_a_Basic_Template.htm)
for more information.

To configure an RFC template on the *Vertical* View of the *Template*
page:

1.  Select an RFC name in the **Function Name** list box.
    
    Or
    
    Click the binocular icon to view a list of RFCs that have been
    extracted and are available for use; the *Function Name* page
    displays.
    
    In the example
    <span style="font-family: &#39;Times New Roman&#39;, serif;font-weight: bold;">/BOA/ZRFC\_READ\_TABLE
    – External access to R/3 tables via
    RFC</span><span style="font-family: &#39;Times New Roman&#39;, serif;">is
    selected.</span>

2.  Click **Save** on the row with the name of the RFC that the template
    should call; the **General** tab on the *Vertical* View displays.

3.  Click **Save**.

4.  Click **Configuration** tab.

5.  Click **BAPI/RFC Definition** to view the loops in the RFC and the
    fields in each loop. 
    
    **NOTE**: The first loop record, the primary loop, does not have a
    loop name.
    
    **NOTE**: Records cannot be modified on this page, and no records
    can be added or deleted.

6.  Select a record on the page.

7.  Click **RFC Documentation** on the Page toolbar to view the
    documentation about the RFC that has been extracted from SAP for the
    selected record.
    
    **NOTE**: Documentation for an RFC must exist in SAP to display on
    this page.  For this example, no documentation exists in SAP.

8.  Click **BAPI FIELDS** for a record to view the fields for the
    selected record.
    
    **NOTE**: Records cannot be modified on this page, and no records
    can be added or deleted.
