# Configure Template Loops for a BDC Script Template

<span id="Post Data using a BDC Script Steps" class="popUpLink">\>Review
the steps in the process. </span>

Looping is a posting mechanism that processes multiple child keys for
one parent key. It allows for multiple headers with infinite details to
be posted. Looping can be enabled during template creation or after
recording.

When a template that uses loops is added to a process, each loop in the
template becomes a process template loop. Refer to [Configure Template
Loops for a BDC Script Template](Configure_Template_LoopsBDC.htm) for a
process based on a BDC Script template.

Looping is necessary when data in the same field at the detail level
should be updated for multiple header records. For example, to enter
data for the Export Legal Control for a Material, a template would need
to generate one transaction with multiple screens to update the export
control class for each country.

Looping is not necessary when a change in data is made at the header
level as is the case when changing a Material Description.

To set looping for a BDC script, click the **Enable Loop** check box to
enable it on the *Template* page’s *Vertical* View, then manage the
loops on the *BDC Screen* page.

**NOTE**: The template must be deactivated to configure looping.

To configure loops for a BDC script.

1.  Click the **Enable Loop** check box to enable it on the
    **Configuration** tab of the *Template* page’s *Vertical* View.

2.  Click **BDC Screen**.
    
    *[View the field descriptions for the BDC Screen
    page.](../Page_Desc/BDC_Screen_H.htm)*
    
    **NOTE**: This page displays three loop-related columns when the
    **Enable Loop** check box is enabled: **LOOP PLUS**, **LOOP MINUS**,
    and **LOOP NAME**.

3.  Click the **Loop Plus** or **Loop Minus** buttons to control the
    loop levels.
    
    **NOTE**: The **Loop Plus** button does not display for the first
    row as the highest prioritized record does not have a loop.  The
    **Loop Minus** button is disabled until the user clicks the **Loop
    Plus** button for a record.
    
    **NOTE**: A loop is comprised of contiguous row selection. Integrate
    names the loop for the row or group of rows selected with the lowest
    priority Loop 1.1. Integrate creates a new loop, and names it Loop
    1.2 when a noncontiguous row of higher priority has a loop added.
    
    **NOTE**: After clicking the **Loop Plus** button, the **Loop
    Minus** button is activated and the loop name, generated by
    Integrate, displays in the **LOOP NAME** column.

4.  Click **Vertical View** for a looped record to view information
    about the loop.
    
    **NOTE**: For looped records, the **General** tab displays a **Loop
    Details** section, including the fields **Loop Name**, **Loop
    Description**, and **Loop Index**.

5.  Navigate to the *Template* page’s *Vertical* View.

6.  Click **Documentation** tab.

7.  Click **Report** to view the modified script with loops.

8.  Navigate to the *Template* page’s *Horizontal* View. The **L** check
    box is enabled for the looped template.
