# Configure a BAPI Template

<span id="Post Data using a BAPI Steps" class="popUpLink">\>Review the
steps in the process. </span>

Configuring a BAPI template includes selecting the name of the Function
Module in SAP and clicking the Create BAPI Template icon so that
Integrate pulls the definition of the Function Module from SAP to
complete the template.

Before creating a template, ensure the RFCs and BAPIs for the SAP
connection have been downloaded.  Refer to [Extract RFC
Functions](../Config/Extract_RFC_Functions.htm) for more information.

<span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE:</span> Integrate attempts to
detect the data type for the fields for BAPI  templates when the
templates are autogenerated. If no information is found about a field,
the default data type of nvarchar (128) is used.

**NOTE**: Begin template creation on the *Template* page in *Horizontal*
View. Refer to [Create a Basic Template](Create_a_Basic_Template.htm)
for more information.

**NOTE** This use case provides an example of posting using the
BAPI\_MATERIAL\_**SAVE**DATA, but does not supply comprehensive
instructions to suit all BAPIs.

To configure a BAPI template on the *Vertical* View of the *Template*
page:

1.  Select a BAPI name in the **Function Name** list box.
    
    Or
    
    Click the binocular icon to view a list of BAPIs that have been
    extracted and are available for use; the *Function Name* page
    displays.
    
    In the example, BAPI\_MATERIAL\_SAVEDATA is selected.

2.  Click **Save** on the row with the name of the BAPI that the
    template should call; the **General** tab on the *Vertical* View
    displays.

3.  Click **Save**.

4.  Click <span style="font-weight: bold;">Create BAPI Template</span>.
    
    **NOTE**: A message displays after the BAPI template has been
    created.

5.  Click <span style="font-weight: bold;">Configuration</span> tab.

6.  Click **BAPI/RFC Definition** to view the loops in the BAPI and the
    fields in each loop. 
    
    **NOTE**: The first loop record, the primary loop, does not have a
    loop name.
    
    **NOTE**: Records cannot be modified on this page, and no records
    can be added or deleted.

7.  Select a record on the page.

8.  Click **RFC Documentation** on the Page toolbar to view the
    documentation about the RFC that has been extracted from SAP for the
    selected record.
    
    **NOTE**: Documentation for an RFC must exist in SAP to display on
    this page.

9.  Click **BAPI FIELDS** for a record to view the fields for the
    selected record.
    
    **NOTE**: Records cannot be modified on this page, and no records
    can be added or deleted.
