# Copy a Process Template

A Process Designer can reuse database objects generated for a different
process using the same template by copying a process template.

When Integrate copies a process template, it copies:

All autogenerated data objects from the original process template.

<span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE</span>: Refer to [Generate
Database Objects
Automatically](Generate_Database_Objects_Automatically.htm) for more
information.

<span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE</span>: If a process template is
copied to another category, the template is copied but the template name
displays as a GUID.

  - All of the template process loops for single or multiple loop
    templates, including the View Name and the Primary Key Column Name,
    the Flat File Object Key, the Download Tables and others

<span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE</span>: Any loops in the copied
process template are auto-mapped from the objects, key fields and
mappings from the original process template.

  - The field mappings for all process template loops
  - The Return Value Template ID and the Return Values, if the process
    uses transaction stringing
  - RFC parameters, if applicable
  - Relationships, if applicable
  - Allowed connections, if applicable
  - After Post Rules, if applicable

<span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE</span>: A process template can be
copied whether the process or template is active or not.

To copy a process template:

1.  Select <span style="font-weight: bold;">Categories</span> on
    <span style="font-style: italic;">Navigation</span> pane.

2.  Click the <span style="font-weight: bold;">Processes</span> icon for
    a category.

3.  Click the <span style="font-weight: bold;">Templates</span> icon for
    a process.

4.  Click <span style="font-weight: bold;">Vertical View</span> for the
    process template that should be copied.

5.  Click the <span style="font-weight: bold;">Copy</span> tab.

6.  Click <span style="font-weight: bold;">Copy Process Template</span>.
    
    **NOTE:** The Copy Type field displays ProcessTemplate.

7.  Click <span style="font-weight: bold;">Edit</span>.
    
    [View the field descriptions for the Copy
    page.](../Page_Desc/Copy.htm)

8.  Select a category in the <span style="font-weight: bold;">Copy to
    Category</span> list box.
    
    **NOTE:** The list box displays all categories in Integrate.

9.  Select a name in <span style="font-weight: bold;">Copy to Process
    ID</span>.
    
    **NOTE:** A process template can be copied to the same process.

10. Click <span style="font-weight: bold;">Save</span>.

11. Click <span style="font-weight: bold;">Execute</span>.
    
    **NOTE:** This button is disabled until required fields are
    completed.
