# Record a GUI Script

<span id="Post Data using a GUI Script Steps" class="popUpLink">\>Review
the steps in the process. </span>

**NOTE**: Internet Explorer is required to record a GUI script.

To create a template that uses a GUI script, record the script using
Integrate and the SAP Logon Pad.

When recording a GUI script, the SAP Logon Pad must be open. Recording
starts in learning or listening mode.  In this mode, Integrate records
the user's actions in SAP.  Once the recording is complete, the user
stops the recording in Integrate.

Refer to [BDC Script and GUI Script Recording
Tips](BDCScriptGUIScriptRecTips.htm) for tips on recording scripts.

<span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE</span>: Integrate attempts to
detect the data type for the fields for GUI Script templates when the
templates are autogenerated. If no information is found about a field,
the default data type of nvarchar (128) is used.

**NOTE**: Begin template creation on the *Template* page in *Horizontal*
View. Refer to [Create a Basic Template](Create_a_Basic_Template.htm)
for more information.

To record a GUI script on the *Vertical* View of the *Template* page:

1.  Enter the SAP transaction code in **Transaction Code** field.
    
    *[View the field descriptions for the Template page’s Vertical
    View.](../Page_Desc/Template_H.htm#Template_V_All_Tabs)*
    
    **NOTE:** When the GUI script is recorded, Integrate launches into
    the designated transaction code in SAP.

2.  Click **Save**.

3.  Open the SAP Logon Pad.

4.  Click **Record** button in Integrate; a confirmation message
    displays.

5.  Click **Ok**.
    
    **NOTE:** The recording overwrites all template data with data from
    the recording.
    
    **NOTE**: The SAP Logon Pad will display two confirmation messages
    that the script is accessing SAP.

6.  Click **Yes** to both messages.
    
    **NOTE**: SAP opens and logs in to the transaction code.

7.  Record the transaction.
    
    **NOTE:** Only fields the user touches in the recording are recorded
    in the template. There are three ways to mark a field as touched: 
    
      - Add a space to the end and delete it.
      - Delete the value and re-type it.
      - Change the value completely.

8.  Click **Stop Recording** in Integrate to end a GUI recording,
    
    **NOTE**: Do not close the SAP Logon Pad when the recording is
    finished. Click the **Stop Recording** button in Integrate to close
    the SAP Logon Pad.
    
    **NOTE**: Once a recording is complete, the *Template* page's
    *Horizontal* View displays. **Do not** click the browser's **Back**
    button from this page. This will restart the recording and delete
    previously recorded data for the template.

9.  Click **Vertical View** for the template that was just recorded.
    
    **NOTE**: To correct a mistake made during the recording, click the
    **Record** button for the template to start a new recording, which
    copies over the existing recording.

10. Click **Configuration** tab.

11. Click **Enable Loop** check box, if applicable.
    
    **NOTE:** Once this check box is enabled, GUI Script Data rows can
    be put into and taken out of loops. Looping is a posting mechanism
    that processes multiple child keys for one parent key. It allows for
    multiple headers with infinite details to be posted. Looping can be
    enabled during template creation or after recording. Refer to
    [Configure Template Loops for a GUI Script
    Template](Configure_Template_LoopsGUI.htm) for detailed information.
     

12. Click **GUI Script Data** to view all steps in the recording. For
    each of the GUI Script Data records, add, edit or delete the
    conditionals and subsequent actions by selecting *Vertical* View for
    a record, then clicking the **Conditionals** button. Refer to
    [*<span style="color: #0000ff;font-style: normal;">Configure
    Conditional GUI Script Data
    Records</span>*](ConfigureConditionalGUIScriptDatarec.htm) for more
    information. 

**NOTE**: The default records created should suffice for most instances;
however, they can be modified or deleted as necessary. Refer to
[*<span style="color: #0000ff;font-style: normal;">Modify a GUI Script
with a Custom Command</span>*](ModifyGUIScriptCustCommand.htm) and
[*<span style="color: #0000ff;font-style: normal;">Delete GUI Script
Fields</span>*](Delete_GUI_Script_Fields.htm) for detailed information.
