# Record a BDC Script

<span id="Post Data using a BDC Script Steps" class="popUpLink">\>Review
the steps in the process. </span>

**NOTE**: Internet Explorer is required to record a BDC script.

When the user records a BDC script, SAP launches in learning or
listening mode which records the user's actions in SAP. Once the
recording is complete, the user exits the transaction in SAP and the
recording is imported into Integrate.

Refer to [BDC Script and GUI Script Recording
Tips](BDCScriptGUIScriptRecTips.htm) for tips on recording scripts.

**NOTE**: A user can also create a BDC Script template using Integrate’s
import feature. Refer to
[*<span style="color: #0000ff;font-style: normal;">Import a BDC Script
From a File</span>*](Import_a_BDC_Script_From_a_File.htm) for more
information.

<span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE:</span> Integrate attempts to
detect the data type for the fields for BDC Script templates when the
templates are autogenerated. If no information is found about a field,
the default data type of nvarchar (128) is used.

**NOTE**: Begin template creation on the *Template* page in *Horizontal*
View. Refer to [Create a Basic Template](Create_a_Basic_Template.htm)
for more information.

To record a BDC script on the *Vertical* View of the *Template* page:

1.  Enter the SAP transaction code in **Transaction Code** field.

2.  Click **Save.**

3.  Click **Record** button; a confirmation message displays.
    
    **NOTE:** The recording overwrites all template data with data from
    the recording.
    
    **NOTE:** SAP opens in learning mode using the defined transaction
    code, which uses the same recording mechanism as the SHDB
    transaction in SAP to track the fields modified by a user during the
    recording.

4.  Record the transaction.
    
    **NOTE:** Only fields the user touches in the recording are recorded
    in the template. There are three ways to mark a field as touched:
    
      - Add a space to the end and delete it.
    
      - Delete the value and re-type it.
    
      - Change the value completely.  
        Refer to [*<span style="color: #0000ff;">BDC
        Script</span>*](BDCScriptGUIScriptRecTips.htm) and GUI Script
        Recording Tips for more information.

5.  To end a BDC recording, complete the transaction in SAP, which will
    automatically save and close the SAP session.
    
    **NOTE:** To correct a mistake made during the recording, click the
    **Record** button for the template to start a new recording, which
    copies over the existing recording.
    
    **NOTE**: Once a recording is complete, the *Template* page's
    *Horizontal* View displays.
    **<span class="underline"><span style="color: #ff0000;">Do
    not</span></span>** click the browser's **Back** button from this
    page. This will restart the recording and delete previously recorded
    data for the template.
    
    **NOTE:** Once recording is complete, navigate to the template in
    Integrate to set further configuration options.

6.  Locate the template on the *Template* page *Horizontal* View in
    Integrate.

7.  Click **Vertical View**.

8.  Click **Configuration** tab.

9.  Click the **Enable Loop** check box to enable looping, if
    applicable.
    
    **NOTE**: A user can also [import a BDC Script from a
    File](Import_a_BDC_Script_From_a_File.htm), or continue with one of
    these tasks:
    
      - [Configure a Conditional for a BDC
        Screen](ConfigureConditionalBDCScrn.htm) (optional)
    
      - [Manage BDC Screens and
        Fields](Manage_BDC_Screens_and_Fields.htm) (optional)
    
      - [Merge or Copy BDC Screens to Another BDC Script
        Template](MergeCopyBDCScrnsAnotherBDCScript.htm)
    
      - [Configure Template Loops for a BDC Script
        Template](Configure_Template_LoopsBDC.htm)
    
    **NOTE**: Once this check box is enabled, BDC Screens can be put
    into and taken out of loops. Looping is a posting mechanism that
    processes multiple child keys for one parent key. It allows for
    multiple headers with infinite details to be posted. Looping can be
    enabled during template creation or after recording. Refer to
    [Configure Template Loops for a BDC Script
    Template](Configure_Template_LoopsBDC.htm) for detailed
    information. 

10. Click **BDC Screen** to view all screens captured in the recording.
    For each of the BDC Screens, add, edit or delete the conditionals
    and subsequent actions by selecting *Vertical* View for a record,
    then clicking the **Conditionals** button. Refer to
    [*<span style="color: #0000ff;font-style: normal;">Configure a
    Conditional for a BDC
    Screen</span>*](ConfigureConditionalBDCScrn.htm) for more
    information. 

**NOTE:** The default records created should suffice for most instances;
however, they can be modified or deleted as necessary. Refer to
[*<span style="color: #0000ff;font-style: normal;">Manage BDC Screens
and Fields</span>*](Manage_BDC_Screens_and_Fields.htm) for detailed
information.
