# Add Org Units from a Group to Roles

A Security Administrator can apply the same org unit values to roles in
multiple positions using org unit groups.

Before performing this task add org unit groups and configure org unit
values for org unit groups. Refer to [Add and Configure Org Unit Groups,
Types and
Values](Manage_Org_Units.htm#Add_and_Configure_Org_Unit_Groups,_Types,_and_Values)
for more information.

One org unit group can be added to a position at a time. When an org
unit group is added, the existing org unit value configurations for
roles in the position are automatically updated.<span> </span>

When an org unit group is applied to a position, the position roles are
updated and the security access for all users previously assigned to the
position is updated.

**NOTE:** The role must be included in the
position.

## <span id="Add_Org_Units_from_a_Group_to_all_Roles_in_a_Position"></span>Add Org Units from a Group to all Roles in a Position

To add org units from a group to all roles in a position in dspConduct™:

1.  Select <span style="font-weight: bold;">dspConduct \>
    </span>**Security** in the *Navigation* pane.

2.  Select a position.

3.  Click the **Add Org Units from Group** icon.

4.  Click **Edit**.
    
    *[View the field descriptions for the Add Org Units To Position From
    Org Unit Group
    page.](../Page_Desc/Add_Org_Units_to_Position_from_Org_Unit_Group.htm)*

5.  Select a group from the **Org Unit Group To Add** list box.

6.  Click **Save**.

7.  Click the **Add Org Units from Group** icon.

The org unit types and values configured for the selected org unit group
are applied to all of the roles included in the
position.

## <span id="Add_Org_Units_from_a_Group_to_a_Position_Role"></span>Add Org Units from a Group to a Position Role

A Security Administrator can apply the same org unit values to roles at
the role level within a position using org unit groups.

Before performing this task add org unit groups and configure org unit
values for org unit groups. Refer to [Add and Configure Org Unit Groups,
Types and
Values](Manage_Org_Units.htm#Add_and_Configure_Org_Unit_Groups,_Types,_and_Values)
for more information.

One org unit group can be added to a role at a time. When an org unit
group is added, the existing org unit value configurations for role are
automatically updated.<span> </span>

When an org unit group is applied to a role, the security access for all
users previously assigned to the position for the role is updated.

To add org units from a group to a position role in dspConduct™:

1.  Select <span style="font-weight: bold;">dspConduct \>
    </span>**Security** in the *Navigation* pane.

2.  Click the **Roles** icon for a position.

3.  On  the <span style="font-style: italic;">[Position
    Role](../Page_Desc/Position_Role.htm)</span> page, click the **Add
    Org Units from Group** icon for an included role.

4.  Click **Edit**.
    
    *[View the field descriptions for the Add Org Units To Position Role
    From Org Unit Group
    page](../Page_Desc/Add_Org_Units_to_Position_Role_from_Org_Unit_Group.htm).*

5.  Select a group from the **Org Unit Group To Add** list box.

6.  Click **Save**.

7.  Click the **Add Org Units From Group** icon.

The org unit types and values configured for the selected org unit group
are applied to the role.

Next, org unit values to be included or removed for an individual role
can be further customized, if needed. Refer to [Configure Org Unit Value
Assignments for Roles at the Role
Level](Set_a_Roles_Org_Unit_Value_Assignments.htm#Configure_Org_Unit_Value_Assignments__at_the_Role_Level)
for more information.
