+++
title = 'View Charts in dspConduct™'
solution = 'Master Data Management'
+++

# View Charts in dspConduct™

The dashboards included with dspConduct™ provide analytics, metrics, and
reporting for:

  - Average time taken to complete active requests by governance
    elements
  - Predictive analytics based on active requests indicating the amount
    of time it may take to complete a Business Process, Scenario or Role
    that are in process.
  - All requests, including archived requests, created vs completed, so
    that analysis of the request backlog can occur.
  - SLA performance analytics to see how separate categories and
    organizations are performing.

Active requests have a status of Posted, Posted with Errors, Posting
Started or Request in Process.

Users assigned to the PowerUser, PowerDesigner and ReadOnly Web App
groups can access charts for dspConduct™.

Some chart allows the user to drill down to data in the level below it
in the hierarchy to view increasingly more specific data.

The View Data icon to the right of a chart name opens a pane that
displays the alternate text descriptions of chart data in a table. If a
chart has a legend, click a label in the legend to hide or show that
label’s section in the chart.

Hover a cursor over each section of a bar to view the field count or
percentage.

If a chart is 3D, a 3D Controls icon is available to adjust the chart
angles.

An Administrator can set the number of prior weeks to display on the
count metrics charts. Refer to [Set Preceding Weeks Count for
Dashboards](../Config/Set_Preceding_Weeks_Count_for_Dashboards.htm) for
more information.

dspConduct™ includes the following charts and
dashboards:

#### Access via *[Category](../Page_Desc/Category_H.htm)* page's <span style="font-weight: bold;font-style: italic;">Vertical</span> View

Duration:

  - [Business Process Request
    Duration](../Page_Desc/Busniess_Process_Request_Duration.htm) –
    Displays the average duration in days of active requests for every
    business process in a category.
  - [Scenario Request
    Duration](../Page_Desc/Scenario_Request_Duration.htm) – Displays the
    average duration in days of active requests in each scenario in a
    category.
  - [Role Request Duration](../Page_Desc/Role_Request_Duration.htm) –
    Displays the average duration of active requests by each role in a
    category.

SLA Percent On Time:

  - [SLA Percent On Time by Business
    Process](../Page_Desc/SLA_Percent_OnTime_by_Business_Process.htm) –
    Displays on time percent for all active requests for each business
    process in a category.
  - [SLA Percent On Time by
    Scenario](../Page_Desc/SLA_Percent_On_Time_by_Scenario.htm) –
    Displays on time percent for all active requests for each scenario
    in a category.
  - [SLA Percent On Time by
    Role](../Page_Desc/SLA_Percent_On_Time_by_Role.htm) – Displays on
    time percent for all active requests for each role in a category.

Predictive:

  - [Business Process
    Predictive](../Page_Desc/Business_Process_Predict.htm) – Displays
    days to finish above/below average for active requests for all
    business processes in the category
  - [Scenario Predictive](../Page_Desc/Scenario_Predictive.htm) –
    Displays days to finish above/below average for active requests for
    all scenarios in the category
  - [Role Predictive](../Page_Desc/Role_Predictive.htm) – Displays days
    to finish above/below average for active requests for all roles in
    the category

The dashboard accessed when the user clicks the **Metrics** icon on the
*[Business Process](../Page_Desc/Business_Process_H.htm)* page’s
*Vertical* View contains the following charts:

  - [SLA Percent On Time by Business
    Process](../Page_Desc/SLA_Percent_OnTime_by_Business_Process.htm) –
    Displays the on time percent for all active requests for the
    selected Business Process.
  - [Business Process Request
    Duration](../Page_Desc/Busniess_Process_Request_Duration.htm) –
    Displays the average duration of all active requests for the
    selected Business Process.
  - [Active Requests for Business
    Process](Active_Requests_for_Business_Process.htm) – Displays the
    number of active requests for the selected Business Process.
  - [All Requests for Business
    Process](../Page_Desc/All_Requests_for_Business_Process.htm) –
    Displays all requests for the selected Business Process by
    <span id="Request Status dspConduct" class="popUpLink">status</span>.

The dashboard accessed when the user clicks the **Metrics** icon on the
*[Scenario](../Page_Desc/Scenario_H.htm)* page’s *Vertical* View
contains the following charts:

  - [SLA Percent On Time by
    Scenario](../Page_Desc/SLA_Percent_On_Time_by_Scenario.htm) –
    Displays the on time percent for all active requests for the
    selected scenario.
  - [Scenario Request
    Duration](../Page_Desc/Scenario_Request_Duration.htm) – Displays the
    average duration of all active requests for the selected Scenario.
  - [Active Requests for Scenario](Active_Requests_for_Scenario.htm) –
    Displays the number of active requests for a Scenario.
  - [All Requests for
    Scenario](../Page_Desc/All_Requests_for_Scenario.htm) – Displays all
    requests for a Scenario by
    <span id="Request Status dspConduct" class="popUpLink">status</span>.

The dashboard accessed when the user clicks the **Metrics** icon on the
*[Role](../Page_Desc/Role_H_dspConduct.htm)* page’s *Vertical* View
contains the following charts:

  - [SLA Percent On Time by
    Role](../Page_Desc/SLA_Percent_On_Time_by_Role.htm) – Displays the
    on time percent for all active requests for the selected role
  - [Role Request Duration](../Page_Desc/Role_Request_Duration.htm) –
    Displays the average duration of all active requests for the
    selected role.
  - [Active Requests for Role](Active_Requests_for_Role.htm) – Displays
    the number of active requests for a role.
  - [All Requests for Role](../Page_Desc/All_Requests_for_Role.htm) –
    Displays all requests for a role by
    <span id="Request Status dspConduct" class="popUpLink">status</span>.

#### Access via dspConduct™ Dashboard menu

Duration Metrics – Displays the average duration of active requests by
category, and provides drill-down access to duration metrics for the
child elements (business process, scenario and roles) so that an
organization can easily know how long it takes to execute each
governance element:

  - [Category Request
    Duration](../Page_Desc/Category_Request_Duration.htm)
  - [Business Process Request
    Duration](../Page_Desc/Busniess_Process_Request_Duration.htm)
  - [Scenario Business Process Request
    Duration](../Page_Desc/Scenario_BP_Request_Duration.htm)
  - [Role Scenario Request
    Duration](../Page_Desc/Role_Scenario_Request_Duration.htm)

Count Metrics – Displays the number of all requests, including archived
requests, created vs. completed by category so that an organization can
analyze the backlog of requests. The metrics can assist with decisions
about resource allocation and analysis of potential business process
issues:

  - [Request Create-Completed
    Metrics](../Page_Desc/Request_Create_Completed_Metrics.htm)

  - [Request Created-Completed Scenario Type
    Metrics](../Page_Desc/Request_Created_Completed_Scenario_Type_Metrics.htm)

Category SLA Percent On Time – Displays overall comparisons by category
of how well organizations are adhering to the agreed upon SLAs. The
charts provided drill-down access to display metrics for SLAs for active
requests for all business processes, scenarios and roles so the detail
of potential bottlenecks in processing requests can be identified:

  - [Category SLA Percent On
    Time](../Page_Desc/Category_SLA_Percent_On_Time.htm)
  - [Category, Business Process SLA Percent On
    Time](../Page_Desc/Category_Business_Process_SLA_Percent_OnTime.htm)
  - [Business Process, Scenario SLA Percent On
    Time](../Page_Desc/Business_Process_Scenario_SLA_Percent_OnTime.htm)
  - [Scenario, Role SLA Percent On
    Time](../Page_Desc/Scenario_Role_SLA_Percent_OnTime.htm)

[Business Process Predictive](../Page_Desc/Business_Process_Predict.htm)
– Displays overall business process comparison of completion dates from
the average running business process for all active requests. This
dashboard shows based on predictions which processes will be the most
and least performing.

[Request Predictive](../Page_Desc/Request_Predictive.htm) – Displays an
estimate of when a request will be completed, based on prior average
request processing for all active requests..

[Request by Category](../Page_Desc/Request_Count_By_Category.htm) –
Displays a count of the current active requests by status for each
category.
