+++
title = 'View Business Value Dashboard'
solution = 'Master Data Management'
+++

# View Business Value Dashboard

The business value dashboard provides charts for analysis of the money
and time (hours) saved by automating business processes in dspConduct™.
The charts use the users’ own baseline estimates of the time and money
costs to complete a business process prior to implementing automation
with dspConduct™ to calculate the savings, or business value, of
automation.

Only business processes for which baseline hours and average cost per
hour values that have completed requests are displayed in the charts and
included in the calculations. The charts include money or hours saved
for both active requests that have been finished and archived requests
that have been finished.

Before using the Business Value Dashboard, the following settings must
be configured:

1.  Configure the label that indicates the type of currency used for
    dspConduct™ Refer to [Set Currency Display
    Label](../Config/Set_Currency_Display_Label.htm).

2.  Select the calendar to be used to determine working hours for the
    hours saved calculations. Refer to [Set Calendar used For Business
    Value
    Calculations](../Config/Set_Calendar_Used_For_Business_Value_Calculations.htm).

3.  Configure the baseline values Baseline Hours and Average Cost Per
    Hour for the hours saved and money saved calculations. Refer to
    [Configure Business Value
    Parameters](Configure_Business_Value_Parameters.htm).
    
    **NOTE:** Only business processes for which baseline hours and
    average cost per hour values are configured are displayed in the
    charts and included in the calculations

Users assigned to the PowerUser, PowerDesigner and ReadOnly Web App
groups can access charts for dspConduct™.

Some charts allow the user to drill down to data in the level below it
in the hierarchy to view increasingly more specific data.

The View Data icon to the right of a chart name opens a pane that
displays the alternate text descriptions of chart data in a table. If a
chart has a legend, click a label in the legend to hide or show that
label’s section in the chart.

Hover a cursor over each section of a bar to view the field count or
percentage.

If a chart is 3D, a 3D Controls icon is available to adjust the chart
angles.

The following business value dashboard charts are available:

The dashboard accessed by the Business Value Dashboard icon on the
*[Business Process](../Page_Desc/Business_Process_H.htm)* page’s
*Vertical* View contains the following charts:

  - [Total Hours Saved (by Business
    Process)](../Page_Desc/Total_Hours_Saved_by_Business_Process.htm) –
    Displays the hours saved for a selected business process based on
    the user-entered baseline value for number of working hours that it
    took to complete a business process manually before the process was
    automated using dspConduct™.
  - [Total Money Saved (by Business
    Process)](../Page_Desc/Total_Money_Saved_by_Business_Process.htm) –
    Displays the money saved for a selected business process based on
    the user-entered baseline value for average per hour of all costs,
    including fixed costs, associated with completing a business process
    manually before the process was automated using dspConduct™.

The dashboard accessed by the **Dashboards \> Business Value Dashboard**
option in the *Navigation* pane includes the following charts:

  - [Total Hours Saved (by
    Category)](../Page_Desc/Total_Hours_Saved_by_Category.htm) –
    Displays the total hours saved for all business processes in a
    category based on the user-entered baseline value for number of
    working hours that it took to complete a business process manually
    before the process was automated using dspConduct™.
      - [Total Hours Saved (by Business
        Process)](../Page_Desc/Total_Hours_Saved_by_Business_Process.htm)
        – Displays the hours saved for the business processes in a
        category.

<!-- end list -->

  - [Total Money Saved (by
    Category)](../Page_Desc/Total%20Money%20Saved%20by%20Category.htm) –
    Displays the total money saved for the all business processes in a
    category based on the user-entered baseline value for average per
    hour of all costs, including fixed costs, associated with completing
    a business process manually before the process was automated using
    dspConduct™.
      - [Total Money Saved (by Business
        Process)](../Page_Desc/Total_Money_Saved_by_Business_Process.htm)
        – Displays the money saved for the business process in a
        category.
