+++
title = 'Build Reports'
solution = 'Migration'
+++

# Build Reports

SQL AutoGen can build target and source reports and reports with
remediation.

<span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE:</span> The target’s Design Status
must be In Design or Design Finished to perform this task.

A target report is a view built in SQL and stored in the target table.

A Target Source report is a report run against the source table. Source
reports are typically used to display data relevant to processing the
rules.

Target Remediation allows a remediation rule to be registered to an
error report. Remediation rules are used only when there is a need to
temporarily fix a data issue so the affected records can be loaded into
a test environment. Once Transform has processed target data, it
generates the error reports, but these reports can also be generated
using SQL AutoGen. Based on these reports, a user may create remediation
rules to correct erroneous values so that the data can be loaded
successfully into the target system using a load tool.

Refer to [Add Target
Reports](../../Transform/Use_Cases/Add_Target_Reports), [Add Target
Source Reports](../../Transform/Use_Cases/Add_Target_Source_Reports)
and [Register Target Remediation
Rules](../../Transform/Use_Cases/Register_Target_Remediation_Rules)
for more information about reports.

All objects created using SQL AutoGen are written to the data source
defined for the object in Console (Process Area \> Objects \> Vertical
View \> Data Source ID).

<span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE:</span> When reports are
autogenerated, the SAPINSTANCE and SAPCLIENT columns are not included in
Target Report view.

<span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE:</span> If a target report
references a check table in SAP that uses the Client column, the ERP
Client field must be populated in Console on the
<span style="font-style: italic;">[Process Area :
Object](../../Console/Page_Desc/Process_Area_ObjectH)</span> page
(Waves \> Process Areas \> Objects \> Vertical View).

**NOTE:** The Report Auto Gen Level setting on the
*[Automation](../Page_Desc/Automation_page)* page’s *Vertical* View
determines if and how business user reports are generated for the target
with SQL AutoGen. Options are:

  - **On - Drop & Rebuild Report Views and Registrations.** Any SQL
    views previously created for the business user reports in the target
    are dropped and new SQL views with the same name are added.
  - **Off - No Report Generation.** AutoGen is not used.
  - **New - Add new reports without modifying existing report views or
    registrations.** When autogenerating, only new views are created.
    Existing views are not updated.

To create reports at the target level in AutoGen:

1.  Click the **Automation** tab on the Quick Panel.

2.  Either click the **Build Reports** icon in the Page toolbar
    
    OR
    
    Click the **Build Reports with Remediation** icon in the Page
    toolbar; a confirmation message displays.

3.  Click **OK**.
