+++
title = 'Create a Workflow'
solution = 'Platform'
+++

# Create a Workflow

Workflow is an email notification method called from within a WebApp
where an email or multiple emails are sent to one or more recipients
upon the execution of an event.

If a workflow requires a user to log in to DSP® to perform a function, a
link can be included in an email to navigate directly to the relevant
page in the WebApp. The recipient of the workflow email must have DSP®
security to the page in the WebApp. If the user does not have security,
a permissions error displays. If the user’s password is expired, the
settings page displays requiring a new password. DSP® security overrides
workflow events. If the site license, WebApp License or User ID expires
or if the user is locked out, the link redirects to the login page.

To send workflows through DSP®, a mail server must be set up and the
server must be registered in System Administration on the
*[Parameters](../Sys_Admin/Page_Desc/Parameters_All_TabsSysAdmin.htm)*
page. Email attachment size and the default for when a workflow link
expires are also set up on the
*[Parameters](../Sys_Admin/Page_Desc/Parameters_All_TabsSysAdmin.htm)*
page. A workflow is used in situations where groups, users and fields
outside the context of a particular page are needed, or when the
decision to manually send an email are particularly complex.

The only two required workflow fields are Email To and Email Subject.
Additional aspects of the email, such as the Email Body, Email From and
Attachment should be included. Carbon Copy and Blind Carbon Copy can
also be configured. Once the view is created, a workflow event must be
created and the view registered in DSP®. All workflow view names must be
prefixed with *web* and suffixed with *Flow*, by default.

Types of workflows are:

  - **Standard** allows the email to navigate through the standard DSP®
    authentication process which could be anonymous, basic or integrated
    authentication, depending on how the site is configured.
  - **Semi-anonymous** allows DSP® to look up the user’s email address
    in the user’s account in order to send the workflow email. When the
    recipient clicks the workflow link in the email, they are
    automatically logged in as the specified user. If the site parameter
    **Support Workflow Authentication** is disabled, the recipient must
    log into the DSP when they click the workflow link. Refer to
    *[Parameters](../Sys_Admin/Page_Desc/Parameters_All_TabsSysAdmin.htm)*
    for more information on this field.
  - **Anonymous** allows the email to be sent to the email address
    specified in the “**To”** field of the workflow view. Upon clicking
    the link in the email, the user is automatically logged in as the
    anonymous user selected as long as a Workflow UserID is set up when
    setting up the event. Another approach is if a workflow is sent to
    an email address and the site supports Anonymous, the user is
    automatically logged in anonymously.

Workflow methods affect auditing. If the action required by the user is
recorded by *boaAudit*, the following should be considered.

  - If the workflow UserID is anonymous, the audit displays anonymous as
    the user.
  - If the Site supports Anonymous but the workflow is sent to an email
    address, the audit displays that the email address is a user.
  - If the Semi-Anonymous method is used or a method forcing the user to
    log in, audit displays the user ID.

To create a workflow:

1.  Create a workflow page table and a view based on the table.
2.  Create a page in DSP® based on the Workflow view created in the
    database. A page must be created to manage all workflow content
    generated by the WebApp. The content of the email can be dynamic
    based on the columns on the page where the workflow is enabled.
3.  Create a boaUser view to populate users in the **Email to** and
    **Emailfrom** list boxes.
4.  Add column properties to the workflow message page and create the
    workflow message.
5.  Create the workflow Business Rule view.
6.  Add a **Send Email** column to the *Horizontal* View of the page in
    SQL and add a button on the Page in DSP®.
7.  Register the workflow Business Rule in DSP® on an Event for the
    page. Refer to [Register Workflow
    Views](../Sys_Admin/Use_Cases/Register_Workflow_Views.htm) for more
    information.
8.  [Configure Workflow
    Fields](../Sys_Admin/Use_Cases/Configure_Workflow_Fields.htm).
9.  Configure the workflow link Refer to [Configure Workflow
    Links](../Sys_Admin/Use_Cases/Configure_Workflow_Links.htm) for more
    information.
