# <span id="Wave_Proc_Area_Gate_Metrics_Field_Mapping_H"></span>Wave Process Area Gate Metrics (Field Mapping) H

[Wave Process Area Gate Metrics (Field Mapping)
V](#Wave_Process_Area_Gate1)

<div class="use">

Use this page to [View Metrics](../Use_Cases/View_Metrics_Map.htm).

</div>

To access this page:

1.  Click <span style="font-weight: bold;">dspMigrate</span> in the
    <span style="font-style: italic;">Navigation</span> pane.
2.  Click <span style="font-weight: bold;">Map </span>in the Context
    bar.
3.  Click the <span style="font-weight: bold;">Metrics</span> icon on
    the *[Process Area Launch](Process_Area_Launch_map.htm)* page.
4.  Click the<span style="font-weight: bold;"> Gate Field Mapping</span>
    icon on the *[Metrics and Reports
    Landing](Metrics_and_Reports_Landing.htm)* page.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Field</p></td>
<td><p>Description</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>GATE NAME</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the gate name. A gate is a point in the project where a percentage of field mappings should be completed.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>GATE DATE</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the date by which the percentage set in GATE PERCENTAGE should be finished.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>GATE PERCENTAGE</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the percent of field mappings in the migration project that should be completed by the GATE DATE.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>MAPPING PERCENT COMPLETE</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the actual percent complete of the field mappings, as generated by the Snap Shot process in Map. This process is run automatically once daily, but can be run at any time by accessing Map, clicking the Metrics icon on the <em>Process Area Launch</em> page, and then clicking the Process icon.</p>
<p><strong>NOTE:</strong> If the current date is later than the GATE DATE, the Snap Shot process will not update the percent complete.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>MAPPING COMPLETED</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the number of field mappings with a MAPPING STATUS set to Complete and a RULE STATUS set to Complete on the <em><a href="Field_Mappings_H.htm">Field Mappings</a></em> page.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>MAPPING TOTAL</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the total number of field mappings on the <em>Field Mappings</em> page in Map for all Targets and Sources.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>FIELD ACTIVE</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the number of active fields.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>FIELD TOTAL</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the total number of active and inactive fields.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>LAST UPDATE DATE</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the last date the Snap Shot process was run.</p></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## <span id="Wave_Process_Area_Gate1"></span>Wave Process Area Gate Metrics (Field Mapping) V

[Wave Process Area Gate Metrics (Field Mapping)
H](#Wave_Proc_Area_Gate_Metrics_Field_Mapping_H)

<div class="use">

Use this page to [View Metrics](../Use_Cases/View_Metrics_Map.htm).

</div>

Field

Description

Gate Name

Displays the gate name. A gate is a point in the project where a
percentage of value mappings should be completed.

Description

Displays the gate description.

Gate Settings

Gate Date

Displays the date by which the percentage set in GATE PERCENTAGE should
be finished.

Gate Percentage

Displays the percent of value mappings in the migration project that
should be completed by the GATE DATE.

Project Details

Field Active

Displays the number of fields that have the ACTIVE check box enabled on
the *[Target
Fields](../../Design/Page_Desc/Target_Fields_H_Target_Design.htm)* page.

Field Total

Displays the total number of fields on the *Target Fields* page.

Mapping Completed

Displays the number of fields that have a MAPPING STATUS and a RULE
STATUS set to Complete on the *Field Mappings* page.

Mapping Total

Displays the total number of mappings, regardless of the mapping status.

Percent Completed

Displays the actual percent complete of the field mappings, as generated
by the Snap Shot process in Map. This process is run automatically once
daily, but can be run at any time by accessing Map, clicking the Metrics
icon on the *Process Area Launch* page, then clicking the Process icon.

**NOTE:** If the current date is later than the GATE DATE, the Snap Shot
process will not update the percent complete.

Last Update Date

Displays the last date the Snap Shot process was run.

Source Rule Mappings

Source Rule Completed

Displays the number of Source rules in the default mapping group with a
RULE STATUS of Complete on the *Field Mappings* page.

Source Rule Total

Displays the number of Source rules in the default mapping group on the
*Field Mappings* page in Map for all Target Sources.

Source Rule Mapping Group Completed

Displays the number of Source Rule Mapping Group field mappings with a
RULE STATUS of Complete that are not in the default mapping group .

Source Rule Mapping Group Total

Displays the total number of Source rule mapping groups on the Mapping
Groups page that are not in the \* group.

Target Rules Mapping

Target Rule Completed

Displays the number of Target rules with a RULE STATUS of Complete on
the *Field Mappings* page in Map for all Targets in the context. 

Target Rule Total

Displays the number of Target rules on the *[Field
Mappings](Field_Mappings_H.htm)* page in Map for all Targets in the
context.

Target Rule Mapping Group Completed

Displays the number of completed Target Rule Mapping Group field
mappings (as in, field mappings that display {Target Rules} in TARGET
SOURCE DETAILS on the *Field Mappings* page, and that do not belong to
the default mapping group).

Target Rule Mapping Group Total

Displays the number of Target Rule Mapping Group field mappings (as in,
field mappings that display {Target Rules} in TARGET SOURCE DETAILS on
the *Field Mappings* page, and that do not belong to the default mapping
group).
