+++
title = 'Wave Gate Metrics (Value Mapping) H'
solution = 'Migration'
+++

# <span id="Wave_Gate_Metrics_Value_Mapping_H"></span>Wave Gate Metrics (Value Mapping) H

[Wave Gate Metrics (Value Mapping)
V](#Wave_Gate_Metrics_Value_Mapping_V)

<div class="use">

Use this page to [View Metrics](../Use_Cases/View_Metrics_Map.htm).

</div>

To access this page:

1.  Click <span style="font-weight: bold;">dspMigrate</span> in the
    <span style="font-style: italic;">Navigation</span> pane.
2.  Click <span style="font-weight: bold;">Map </span>in the Context
    bar.
3.  Click the <span style="font-weight: bold;">Metrics</span> icon on
    the *[Process Area Launch](Process_Area_Launch_map.htm)* page.
4.  Click the <span style="font-weight: bold;">Gate Value Mapping</span>
    icon on the *[Metrics and Reports
    Landing](Metrics_and_Reports_Landing.htm)* page.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Field</p></td>
<td><p>Description</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>NAME</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the Wave name.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>GATE NAME</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the gate name. A gate is a point in the project where a percentage of value mappings should be completed.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>GATE DATE</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the date by which the percentage set in GATE PERCENTAGE should be finished.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>GATE PERCENTAGE</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the percent of value mappings in the migration project that should be completed by the GATE DATE.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>PERCENT COMPLETE</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the actual percent complete of the value mappings, as generated by the Snap Shot process in Map. This process is run automatically once daily, but can be run at any time by accessing Map, clicking the Metrics icon on the <em>Process Area Launch</em> page, then clicking the Process icon.</p>
<p><strong>NOTE:</strong> If the current date is later than the GATE DATE, the Snap Shot process will not update the percent complete.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>CHECK TABLE TOTAL</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the number of check tables that require value mapping in Map. To view the check tables in Map, click <strong>Value Mapping</strong> on the <em>Process Area Launch</em> page.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>SOURCE TOTAL</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the number of sources for all check tables in Map. View sources in Map by clicking the Value Mapping icon on the <em>Process Area Launch</em> page, then clicking the Sources icon for a check table.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>LAST UPDATE DATE</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the last date the Snap Shot process was run.</p></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## <span id="Wave_Gate_Metrics_Value_Mapping_V"></span>Wave Gate Metrics (Value Mapping) V

[Wave Gate Metrics (Value Mapping)
H](#Wave_Gate_Metrics_Value_Mapping_H)

<div class="use">

Use this page to [View Metrics](../Use_Cases/View_Metrics_Map.htm).

</div>

Field

Description

Name

Displays the Wave name.

Gate Name

Displays the gate name. A gate is a point in the project where a
percentage of value mappings should be completed.

Description

Displays a description of the gate.

Gate Settings

Gate Date

Displays the date by which the percentage set in GATE PERCENTAGE should
be finished.

Gate Percentage

Displays the percent of value mappings in the migration project that
should be completed by the GATE DATE.

Project Details

Percent Complete

Displays the actual percent complete of the value mappings, as generated
by the Snap Shot process in Map. The percentage is calculated by the
number of value mapped fields plus the number of fields marked as not
relevant (fields that have the NOT RELEVANT check box enabled on the
*[Value Mapping (Legacy to
Target)](Value_Mapping_Legacy_to_Target_H.htm)* page) divided by the
total number of value mapped fields. This process is run automatically
once daily, but can be run at any time by clicking the Metrics icon on
the *[Process Area Launch](Process_Area_Launch_map.htm)* page, then
clicking the Process icon.

**NOTE:** If the current date is later than the GATE DATE, the Snap Shot
process will not update the percent complete.

Last Update Date

Displays the last date the Snap Shot process was run.

Check Table Total

Displays the number of check tables that require value mapping. To view
the check tables, click **Value Mapping** on the *Process Area Launch*
page.

Source Active

Displays the number of active sources for check tables.

Source Total

Displays the number of sources for all check tables in Map. View sources
by clicking the Value Mapping icon on the *Process Area Launch* page,
then clicking the Sources icon for a check table.

Value Mapping Details

Value Mapping Mapped

Displays the total number of check tables with value mappings that have
been mapped on the *[Value Mapping](Value_Mapping.htm)* page.

Value Mapping Not Relevant Mapped

Displays the number of value mappings for sources that have the NOT
RELEVANT check box enabled on the *Value Mapping (Legacy to Target)*
page.

Value Mapping Not Mapped

Displays the number of value mappings for check tables that do not have
a value or that have the NOT RELEVANT check box checked on the *Value
Mapping (Legacy to Target)* page.

Value Mapping Total

Displays the total number of value mappings completed and not completed.

Value Mapping Proposed

Displays the total number of proposed values for check tables. To view
the number of proposed mappings by check table, click the **Value
Mapping** icon on the *Process Area Launch* page.
