+++
title = 'Use Target Rules'
solution = 'Migration'
+++

# Use Target Rules

Basic and Complex rules are defined within Target Design and are used to
extend the functionality of the Data Services Jobs used during the Data
Services AutoGen process.  

Refer to [Data Services
AutoGen](../../Data_Services_AutoGen/Data_Services_Automation) for
more information.

There are two types of Target rules that can be assigned to Target
fields:

  - Complex rules allow a user to document rules. These rules may not
    have been written yet, or may have been written and saved in a data
    source. The documentation associated with a Complex rule can contain
    the rule type (such as stored procedures, BODS functions, or SQL
    functions), a rule description, and a rule definition. Refer to [Add
    a Complex Rule](Complex_Rules) for more information.
    
    <span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE:</span>Complex rules are for
    documentation purposes only and provide information that the Data
    Services developer uses when writing the rule. When an AutoGen
    request is processed, a placeholder where Complex rules can be
    developed is created. Complex rules are not overwritten in Data
    Services.

<!-- end list -->

  - Basic rules are logic conditions associated with a Target field that
    are used in Data Services AutoGen. They can be used to apply
    conditions based on up to three combined fields. When Data Services
    AutoGen runs, the Basic rules are added to the job in the enrichment
    data flow based on the priority set in Target Design. Basic rules
    are overwritten using the rule definition from Target Design each
    time Data Services Jobs are automatically generated. Refer to [Add a
    Basic Rule](Basic_Rules) for more information.

**NOTE**: If a rule is set in Target Design, that rule is owned by
Target Design. When the rule is pushed to Map, a note attached to the
mapping record indicates that the rule has already been set in Target
Design and cannot be updated in Map.

## Add a Basic Rule to a Target Field

A Basic rule allows a user to create a simple conditional or default
rule (one that populates the field with a default value).

Basic rules are logic conditions associated with a target field that are
used in Data Services AutoGen. When Data Services AutoGen runs, the
Basic rules are added to the job in the enrichment data flow based on
the priority set in Target Design.

Refer to [Data Services
AutoGen](../../Data_Services_AutoGen/Data_Services_Automation) for
more information.

When a Basic rule is added at the target-field level, the user selects
the rule to apply to the selected field.

<span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE:</span> Use single quotes (‘)
around strings when entering values.

To add a Basic rule to a target field in Target Design:

1.  Select **Design** in the
    <span style="font-style: italic;">Navigation</span> pane.

2.  Click the **Targets**icon on the *[Design](../Page_Desc/Design)*
    page.

3.  Select the **Fields** icon for a Target.

4.  Click the **Basic Rules** icon for a field.

5.  If no records exist, the page displays in add mode. Otherwise, click
    **Add**.
    
    *[View the field descriptions for the Rules: Basic
    Rule page](../Page_Desc/Rules_Basic_Rule_H)*

6.  Enter a value in the **PRIORITY** field.
    
    **NOTE:** This is the order that the Basic rule will be added to the
    enrichment data flow when the rule is autogenerated during Data
    Services AutoGen if multiple rules are added for the field. This
    number must be unique.

7.  Enter a descriptive rule name in the
    <span style="font-weight: bold;">NAME</span> field.

8.  Click **Save**; the *Vertical* View displays.

9.  Enter a value in the **Field Value** field.
    
    **NOTE:** This is the value that the field will be set to if the
    rule condition(s) is met.
    
    **NOTE:** Use single quotes (‘) around strings.

10. <span>Enable the </span><span style="font-weight: bold;">Is Null
    Condition</span><span> check box if needed</span>.
    
    **NOTE:** If enabled, if the value in the target field is NULL, the
    field will be populated with the value in the Field Value field. The
    Is Null Condition works in conjunction with any other rule condition
    added for the target field.

11. Select a field name in the <span style="font-weight: bold;">Rule
    Field1</span> list box.
    
    **NOTE:** The values stored in this field in the target are
    evaluated using the value entered in the Rule Field1Value field.
    Each field can only be used in one condition per rule.

12. Enter the value that will cause the Field Value field to be set for
    the field in the
    <span style="font-weight: bold;">RuleField1Value</span> field.
    
    **NOTE:** Up to three conditions can be added.
    
    **NOTE:** Use single quotes (‘) around strings.

13. Click <span style="font-weight: bold;">Save</span>.

For example, a user sets a Basic rule for the PSTAT field (Maintenance
Status) on the ttMARA table by completing the fields on the
<span style="font-style: italic;">[Rules: Basic
Rule](../Page_Desc/Rules_Basic_Rule_H)</span> page's
<span style="font-style: italic;">Vertical</span> View with these
values.

|                   |       |
| ----------------- | ----- |
| Field             | Value |
| Field Value       | 1     |
| Rule Field1       | MTART |
| Rule Field1 Value | FERT  |

This rule states that if the MTART field (Material Type) on the ttMARA
table has a value of FERT (Finished Goods), the rule condition is met,
and the PSTAT field for that record will be set to 1.
