+++
title = "Add a Global Role"
weight = 3
layout = "single"
solution = "Data Quality"
+++


# Add a Global Role

If a user creates a global role and selects the **Auto Copy** option,
the role will be added to any template created from that point forward,
but will not be added to already existing templates.

To create a global role:

1.  Select **Configuration \> Roles** on the *Navigation* pane.

2.  Click **Add**.
    
    *[View the field descriptions for the Roles
    page](../Page_Desc/Roles_H.htm)*

3.  Enter the sort order in **PRIORITY** field, which determines this
    role’s place in the order of roles displayed on the *Roles* page and
    the order the roles on a request are processed. The role with the
    lowest priority is processed first.
    
    **NOTE:** Priority should also control how dependencies are created.
    Roles should never be available for processing until the roles on
    which they depend have been processed. Role dependencies should
    never be set up such that, for example, a role with priority of 50
    would become available for processing before a role with priority of
    30 or 40 had been processed. Refer to [Add Role
    Dependencies](../Use_Cases/Add_Role_Dependencies.htm) for more
    information.

4.  Enter a role name in **ROLE ID** field.
    
    **NOTE:** The **ROLE ID** must be unique.

5.  Enter a brief description about the role in **DESCRIPTION** field.

6.  Select an option from the **ROLE TYPE** list box.
    
    Values are:
    
      - **Data** – Enter request data by manually entering or editing
        data, performing a mass change, or importing data.
      - **Review** – Review the data entered by the Data role, and
        approve or reject the data.
      - **Post** – Post the approved data to SAP.
      - **External Data** – Receive a spreadsheet generated by
        dspCompose™, enter request data, and email the spreadsheet to
        dspCompose. This data, once it passes validations, becomes the
        basis for a request.

7.  Click **Save**; the *Vertical* View displays.
    
    *[View the field descriptions for the Roles page's Vertical
    View.](../Page_Desc/Roles_H.htm)*

8.  Set advanced options as needed.

9.  Click **Save**.

Refer to [Add and Configure Template
Roles](../Use_Cases/Add_and_Configure_Template_Roles.htm) for
information about adding a role at the template level.
