# Request (Roles) H

[Request (Roles) V](#Request_Roles_V)

<div class="use">

Use this page to [Process Requests](../Use_Cases/Process_Requests.htm).

</div>

To access this page:

1.  Select <span style="font-weight: bold;">dspCompose \>
    Requests</span> in the *Navigation* pane.
2.  Click <span style="font-weight: bold;">Roles</span> for the request.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Field</p></td>
<td><p>Description</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DC</p></td>
<td><p>If enabled, all dependent roles for the current roles are finished. “DC” stands for “dependencies complete.”</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>ROLE ID</p></td>
<td><p>Displays name of the role.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DATA ENTRY</p></td>
<td><p>Click to enter, review or post data to the target ERP system, depending on the Role ID.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>FINISHED BY</p></td>
<td><p>Displays User ID of individual who finished the role. If there is more than one user assigned to the role, Finished By displays the ID of the last individual to click the Finish button.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>FINISHED ON</p></td>
<td><p>Displays date and time when the role was finished. If there is more than one user assigned to the role, Finished On displays the date and time when the last assigned user clicked the Finish button.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>VALIDATE</p></td>
<td><p>Click to validate the role. This button only displays when validations have been added to the template or when column properties have been added to the Data Entry page for the template, triggering the use of validation rules. Any validation errors must be corrected before the role can be finished.This button does not display for the Post role.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>FINISH</p></td>
<td><p><em><span style="font-family: Arial, sans-serif;font-style: normal;">Click to finish (for Data and Post role IDs) or approve (for Review role ID) the role. This action confirms that the data is correct. Users assigned to the next role in the process are notified that their role is ready to be processed.</span></em></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>RESET</p></td>
<td><p>Click to reset (for Data and Post role IDs) or Reject (for Review role ID) the role. This action indicates that the data is incorrect and the role is not ready to be finished. Users assigned to this role are notified via workflow email that their role has been reset or rejected.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: bold;">NOTE</span>: If the request was initiated by an external request scenario that created an Excel-initiated request and the request is rejected by the Reviewer, <em><span style="font-family: Arial, sans-serif;font-style: normal;">dspCompose™ </span></em>sends an email to the email address that originated the request. The email has an Excel file attached that contains the data entry records with the Reviewer's Reject Reason. The user must correct the errors in the Excel file and send the corrected file to the External Email Account to begin the process again.</p></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## <span id="Request_Roles_V"></span>Request (Roles) V

[Request (Roles) H](Request_Roles_H.htm)

<div class="use">

Use this tab to:

  - [Import a View at the Request-Role
    Level](../Use_Cases/Import_a_View_at_the_Request%20Role_Level.htm)
  - [Import a File at the Request-Role
    Level](../Use_Cases/Import_a_File_at_the_Request%20Role_Level.htm)

</div>

Field

Description

Role

Role ID

Displays name of the role.

Data Entry

Click to enter, review or post data to the target ERP system, depending
on the Role ID.

File Import

Generate Template File

Click to create an empty Excel spreadsheet template with all the fields
applicable to the request based on the template recording. The first
record of data is sample data pulled from the recording when the
template was created; it serves as a guide for users inputting data into
the request. This Excel template can be populated, saved and uploaded to
dspCompose™ to import data into the request.

Download Request Data

Click to download request data that is eligible for posting into Excel.
The Excel columns are named for the columns on the data entry page and a
row of sample data is provided. The sample data is pulled from the
recording performed when the template was created and serves as a guide
for users performing file input into dspCompose™ requests.

The file can be edited, saved and uploaded to dspCompose™ to import data
into the request.

Delete Data Before Import - File

If enabled, data previously entered on the Data Entry page is deleted
before the file is imported.

Import

Click to import a completed Excel spreadsheet generated by
dspCompose*™*. This icon displays if the **Excel Import Allowed**
check box is enabled on the **Import Settings** tab on the*Vertical*View
of the*[Template (Role)](Template_Role_H.htm)*page for the Data role. 

View Import

Data Source ID

Displays the data source that contains the views that can be imported
into the request. This data source must be added at the template-role
level for the Data role. Refer to [Add a Data Source that Stores Views
for
Import](../Use_Cases/Add_a_Data_Source_that_Stores_Views_for_Import.htm)
for more information.

View

Displays name of the view used to import data into the request.

**NOTE:** For a view to display in this list box, the view name must
follow the format set on the
<span style="font-style: italic;">[Parameters](Parameters.htm)</span>
page (Configuration \> Parameters \> Naming Conventions tab).

View Where Clause Builder

Click to open the*[Request (Role View
Filter)](Request_Role_View_Filter.htm)*page to add, edit and delete
where clauses for the view to filter data being imported into the
request.

Where Clause

Displays filters on the data within the view to only import a subset of
data when the request is processed.

View Data

Click to view a report of the data being imported in the request. Review
the report to ensure that the data in the view is appropriate for import
into the request. This report takes the Where Clause into account when
displaying data so as to provide an accurate representation of the data
that is imported.

View Delete Data Before Import

If enabled, data is deleted from the target table before the import is
processed (i.e., data is uploaded from the view).

Import View Data

Click to import data from the view to the data entry page for the
request.

Non Reviewable Records

Non Review Page ID

Click to open the *\[Template Name\] Non-Review* page to view request
records that cannot be viewed by a Review role because of how the Review
Filters have been configured for a template. If a Review Filter is set
up for a user such that certain records cannot be reviewed, the records
can be accessed on this page by the Template Administrator who can then
adjust the review filter.

If all records can be reviewed, this icon is disabled.

**NOTE:** This icon only displays for the highest priority Data Entry
role, i.e., the last role that must finish before the request moves to
the Review role.

Scheduled Post Start Time

Displays the time the schedule background post runs. Refer to [Setting
the Post Start Time](../Use_Cases/Setting_the_Post_Start_Time.htm) for
more information.

**NOTE:** This field displays for Post roles only and is only visible
when the request status is Posting.

Integrate Posting ID

Click the link to open the *[Post
Monitor](../../../Platform/Integrate/Page_Desc/Post_Monitor_H.htm)* page
in Integrate for details about this posting, including the posting
status, the current template that is posting (if the post uses multiple
templates), and, when complete, whether the post succeeded or failed.

**NOTE:** This field displays for Post roles only and is only visible
when the request status is Posting.
