# Roles H

[Roles V](#Roles_V)

<div class="use">

Use this page to:

  - [Add a Global Role](../Config/Add_a_Global_Role.htm)
  - [Configure Global Roles](../Config/Configure_Global_Roles.htm)
  - [Add External Data Role to Global
    Roles](../Use_Cases/Add_External_Data_Role_to_Global_Roles.htm)

</div>

To access this page, select **dspCompose \> Configuration \> Roles** in
the *Navigation* pane.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Field</p></td>
<td><p>Description</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>PRIORITY</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the order in which the role is processed. This value sets the sort order for the role on the Roles page.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>ROLE ID</p></td>
<td><p>Displays unique name or identification of role. A role is a single step in the change process.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>DESCRIPTION</p></td>
<td><p>Displays a brief description of the role duties.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>ROLE TYPE</p></td>
<td><p>Displays type assigned to role, which defines how the role data within the request is manipulated.</p>
<p>Values are:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Data</strong>- Enter request data by manually entering or editing data, performing a mass change, or importing data.</li>
<li><strong>Review</strong>- Review the data entered by the Data role, and approve or reject the data.</li>
<li><strong>Post</strong>- Post the approved data to SAP.</li>
<li><strong>External Data</strong>– Receive a spreadsheet generated by dspCompse™, enter request data, and email the spreadsheet to dspCompose™. This data, once it passes validations, becomes the basis for a request. </li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## <span id="Roles_V"></span>Roles V

[Roles H](Roles_H.htm)

<div class="use">

Use this page to [Configure Global
Roles](../Config/Configure_Global_Roles.htm).

</div>

Field

Description

Basic

Role ID

Displays unique name or identification of role. A role is a single step
in the change process.

Description

Displays a brief description of the role duties.

Advanced

Auto Copy

If enabled, the role is automatically copied to a new template when the
template is created. If disabled, the role must be manually added to a
new template.

Force Validate Before Finish

If enabled, validations are required to be completed before a role can
be finished. This setting can also be enabled at the template-role
level, but it cannot be set for the Post role because validations cannot
be created for the Post role.

Prevent Finish Severity

Displays option that prevents a role from finishing based on the
severity level of a failed validation.

Values are:

  - **Error** – Marks the status as invalid until the error is corrected
    and the Validation Rule passes.
  - **Message** – Marks the status as valid but a message displays.
  - **Warning** – Displays a message but the user can proceed with the
    task even if the validation fails.

During processing, if a validation fails with the selected or higher
severity level, the role does not finish. This value can also be set at
the template-role level, but cannot be set for the Post role because
validations cannot be created for the Post role.
