+++
title = 'Template (Role Excel Column Control) H'
solution = 'Data Quality'
+++

# Template (Role Excel Column Control) H

[Template (Role Excel Column Control) V](#Template_Role_Excel1)

<div class="use">

Use this page to:

  - [Configure Columns for File Generation and Data
    Entry](../Use_Cases/Configure_Columns_for_File_Generation.htm)
  - [Configure Column
    Display](../Use_Cases/Configure_Column_Display.htm)
  - [Import a Column Added to the Role’s Assigned
    Page](../Use_Cases/Import_a_Column_Added_to_the_Roles_Assigned_Page.htm)

</div>

To access this page:

1.  Click <span style="font-weight: bold;">dspCompose \>
    Team</span> on *Navigation *pane.
2.  Click <span style="font-weight: bold;">Templates</span> for a team.
3.  Click <span style="font-weight: bold;">Roles</span> for a template.
4.  Click <span style="font-weight: bold;">Excel Column
    Control</span> for a role.

<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 50%" />
<col style="width: 50%" />
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Field</p></td>
<td><p>Description</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Import Columns</p></td>
<td><p>Click to import all columns related to the Page registered to the Template - Role for Excel configuration that have not already been imported. This action will not overwrite existing page columns.</p>
<p><strong>NOTE</strong>: To overwrite an existing field configuration, delete the column from the Page before executing Import Columns.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Required Columns Format</p></td>
<td><p>Click to open the <span style="font-style: italic;"><a href="Template_Role_Excel_Required_Columns.htm">Template Role Excel (Required Columns)</a></span> page to configure and preview the background and text colors for required fields in the Excel file generated by dspCompose and linked to a template-role. This formatting indicates to a data entry user that a column cannot be left blank.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Include</p></td>
<td><p>Click to include the column name in the Excel file generated by dspCompose™ for data entry purposes for one or more selected records. Sets INCLUDE IN EXCEL to Always.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Exclude</p></td>
<td><p>Click to exclude the column name from the Excel file generated by dspCompose™ for data entry purposes one or more selected records. Sets INCLUDE IN EXCEL to Never.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Exclude If Null</p></td>
<td><p>Click to exclude the column name from the Excel file generated for dspCompose™ only if the column does not contain data one or more selected records. Sets INCLUDE IN EXCEL to If Not Null and Not 0.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>PRIORITY</p></td>
<td><p>Displays order columns display within the Excel file generated by dspCompose™ for data entry purposes.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>COLUMN NAME</p></td>
<td><p>Displays column within the Excel file generated by dspCompose™ for data entry purposes.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>INCLUDE IN EXCEL</p></td>
<td><p>Displays option that determines when the column is included in the generated Excel file. Values are: Always, Never, and If Not Null and Not 0. Column values are controlled by Include, Exclude, and Exclude If Null.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>READ ONLY</p></td>
<td><p>If enabled, the column is not editable within the Excel file.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>TYPE</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the type of control <span style="font-size: 11.0pt;font-family: Arial, sans-serif;">(i.e., text box, list box etc) used for the column in the Excel file.</span><span> </span><span style="font-size: 11.0pt;font-family: Arial, sans-serif;">A field that is a Text Box can be made into a list box on the <em>Template (Role Excel Column Control)</em> page’s <em>Vertical</em> View, but no other values in the TYPE field can be configured.</span></p></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## <span id="Template_Role_Excel1"></span>Template (Role Excel Column Control) V (All Tabs)

[Template (Role Excel Column Control)
H](Template_Role_Excel_Column_Control_H.htm)

This page contains the following tabs:

  - [General tab](#General_Tab2)

  - [Advanced Validation tab](#Advanced_Validation_Tab)

## <span id="General_Tab2"></span>General tab

<div class="use">

Use this tab to [Add List Boxes to an Excel
File](../Use_Cases/Add_List_Boxes_to_an_Excel_File.htm).

</div>

Field

Description

Column

Column Name

Displays name of column within the Excel file generated by dspCompose™
for data entry purposes.

Column Format

Displays the format required when populating the column name with data
in the generated Excel file.

Colors

Background Color

Displays background color of cell containing the column in the Excel
file.

Text Color

Displays text color for column in the Excel file.

List Settings

List Data Source ID

Displays the data source that contains the view or table used in a list
box within the generated Excel file.

List Source

Displays the view or table that contains the values used in a list box
within the generated Excel file.

List Value

Displays the column that contains the list value used in a list box
within the generated Excel file.

List Display

Displays the column that contains the display value used in a list box
within the generated Excel file.

## <span id="Advanced_Validation_Tab"></span>Advanced Validation tab

<div class="use">

Use this tab to [Create Validations for List
Boxes](../Use_Cases/Register_Validations_to_List_Boxes.htm).

</div>

Field

Description

List

Named Range Only

If enabled, the Name Range Only custom validation rule for the selected
column is used. A “Name Range Only” list box allows a Template
Administrator to set up and use advanced list boxes that reference other
list boxes and validations within the generated Excel
file <span style="font-size: 11.0pt;font-family: Arial, sans-serif;">generated
by dspCompose™ to control what data users enter on the
spreadsheet.</span>

Custom List Formula

Displays formula used in the custom validation for the selected column.
A custom list formula allows a Template Administrator to create
advanced, custom list boxes, especially when combined with Name Range
Only list boxes.

Custom Validation

Custom Validation Formula

Displays the formula used in the custom validation for the selected
column. The Custom Validation Formula is written for the formula field
for the validation and allows for dynamic substitution of column names,
such that the column name is replaced with the column index.

Custom Validation Message

Displays message sent to the user if the validation used by the custom
validation formula fails.
