+++
title = 'dspMigrate™ Advanced Data Migration (ADM) Overview'
solution = 'Migration'
+++

# dspMigrate™ Advanced Data Migration (ADM) Overview

The Data Stewardship Platform® (DSP)® delivers the core data quality,
data migration and information governance functionality. An application
suite of the DSP is dspMigrate™Advanced Data Migration (ADM).

## Console

Console is the single point for the management and administration for
dspMigrate™ Advanced Data Migration (ADM).

## Target Design

Design is a component of dspMigrate™ Advanced Data Migration (ADM) used
 to document tables, fields and sources used in migration projects.
Targets can be imported from a database, System Type, or Excel file. In
Target Design, users can configure rules for target fields and lookup
tables for value mapping and create field groups and metric groups to
categorize and prioritize data as it is mapped.

## Map

Map is a strategic component of dspMigrate™ Advanced Data Migration
(ADM) used in the Mapping phase of a data migration project. The tool
facilitates the process of mapping for a target system implementation.
Since the mapping process can change at various times during the
implementation, Map is a key component for capturing and tracking
requirements, customer decisions and specifications to provide accurate
mapping information.

## Construct

Construct is the component of dspMigrate™ Advanced Data Migration (ADM)
used in the Data Construction phase of a data migration project. The
tool assists in the creating and converting data to load into the target
system.

## Transform

Transform is a component of dspMigrate™ Advanced Data Migration (ADM)
that provides measurable advantages in the Data Preparation phase of a
data migration project. The tool cleans, manipulates and reports on
data, and it exports the data so that they can be loaded into a target
system using a load tool.

## SQL AutoGen

SQL AutoGen is a component of dspMigrate™ Advanced Data Migration (ADM)
that creates basic objects used by the migration process (tables, rules
and reports) so that users can focus on addressing complex requirements.

## Data Services AutoGen

Data Services AutoGen is a component of dspMigrate™ Advanced Data
Migration (ADM) that provides the ability to generate Data Services Jobs
that perform target enrichments and validations, including post load
validation of the data loaded into the target application. Using the
AutoGen request options in the DSP, users send the metadata required to
generate the Data Services Jobs for the specific target to the dspCloud™
for processing. Data Services Jobs are created based on rules configured
in Target Design. Once generated, the jobs are registered in Transform
as Data Services rules.
