+++
title = 'CTS Configure (SQL Objects)'
solution = 'Platform'
+++

# CTS Configure (SQL Objects)

<div class="use">

Use this page to view the objects created for DSP WebApps or to [add and
update the configuration for custom
WebApps.](../Use_Cases/Set%20a%20Baseline%20CTS%20Configuration%20for%20a%20Custom%20WebApp.htm)

</div>

To access this page:

1.  Click **Admin \> CTS \> Configuration** in the *Navigation* pane.
2.  Click the **SQL Objects** icon for a Data Source ID.

**NOTE:** Do not update the configurations on this page for delivered
WebApps.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Field</p></td>
<td><p>Description</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>OBJECT NAME</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the name of the object.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>OBJECT TYPE</p></td>
<td><p>Displays the object type. Values are:</p>
<ul>
<li>Function</li>
<li>Procedure</li>
<li>Script</li>
<li>Table</li>
<li>View</li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>ENABLE CTS</p></td>
<td><p>If checked, this object can be moved via the CTS process.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>AUTO GENERATED</p></td>
<td><p>If enabled, the object was autogenerated:</p>
<ul>
<li>As part of the delivered configuration for DSP WebApps or</li>
<li>When the user clicked the Generate Config button on the <em>Vertical</em> View of the <em><a href="CTS%20Configure%20H.htm">CTS Configure</a></em> page for custom WebApps.</li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Dependencies</p></td>
<td><p>Click to open the <em><a href="CTS%20Configure%20SQL%20Object%20Dependencies.htm">CTS Configure (SQL Object Dependencies)</a></em> page to:</p>
<ul>
<li>View the dependencies for the selected object for DSP WebApps</li>
<li>Add or update dependencies for custom WebApps. These can be automatically generated when the user clicks Generate Config on the <em>Vertical</em> View of the <a href="CTS%20Configure%20H.htm">CTS Configure</a> page</li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Relationships</p></td>
<td><p>Click to open the <em><a href="CTS%20Configure%20SQL%20Object%20Relationships.htm">CTS Configure (SQL Object Relationships)</a></em> page to:</p>
<ul>
<li>View the child object name and binding field name for the selected object for DSP WebApps</li>
<li>Add or update relationships for custom WebApps. These can be automatically generated when the user clicks Generate Config on the <em>Vertical</em> View of the <a href="CTS%20Configure%20H.htm">CTS Configure</a> page</li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p>Registrations</p></td>
<td><p>Click to open the <a href="CTS%20Configure%20SQL%20Object%20Registrations.htm">CTS Configure (SQL Object Registrations)</a> page to:</p>
<ul>
<li>View the registrations for the selected object for DSP WebApps</li>
<li>Add or update registrations for custom WebApps.</li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
